# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-05-02 — p.26

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-05-02
**Page:** 26
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495156118/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 495156118

## Paragraphs

week of their national championship quest here Sunday when they face Atlantic champion Dartmouth in their opening round-robin game. They meet Ontario champion Pembroke Tuesday and host Humboldt Broncos Wednesday. The tournament begins tonight with Dartmouth opposing Humboldt and concludes next Saturday. Leading the Sockeyes, of course, is former Vancouver Canuck captain and coach Orland Kurtenbach. Taylor doesn't hesitate to lavish praise on the man he chose to run his team. "We wouldn't have made it this far without Kurt," says Taylor emphatically. "He is very disciplined and he commands the boys' respect. He showed his class in Red Deer when the fans there were throwing eggs and fish at our bench and he remained very calm. All his reactions were done behind the scenes to the right people." With Kurtenbach doing the coaching and Taylor scouring for talent, the Sockeyes rebuilt around a core of junior hockey veterans. Changes were numerous and often. Only nine players remain from training camp. And there is but one Richmond product, seldom-used rookie Jason Talo, on the roster. The players hail from all over the hockey map. Captain Trevor Dickie, defenceman Mike Claringbull and winger Dean Rutledge are
