# The Sunday News — 1987-05-31 — p.20

**Publication:** The Sunday News
**Date:** 1987-05-31
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/561478790?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 561478790

## Paragraphs

first aid practices, stressed Moro, who has an industrial first aid "A ticket" and practices conventional and sports first aid at the Exhibition Park race track in Vancouver. (He has also served as a trainer for the Vancouver Whitecaps, Nanaimo Clippers Junior A Tier 2 hockey team, this year's Centennial Cup Champion Richmond Sockeyes, last year's B.C. Winter Games, and the Mac's Super Series hockey tournament for the last three years; he was also the head trainer at UBC last year). Moro said it should simply be recognized that people with conventional first aid training have limitations when i it comes to sport-related injuries. He offered as an example a soccer tournament where both regular first aid attendents and sports aiders were on duty. During the course of a match, a player went down with a twisted ankle and was attended to by both "aiders." The conventional first aid attendent recommended splinting the leg and sending the player to emergency. But the sports aider iced the injury and taped the ankle for support and the player went back into the match a little later. Ice is a key ingredient to immediate and long-term treatment of most sports-related injuries as part of the "RICE" system. That is, rest, ice, compression and elevation. Rest simply means putting the injured part at rest while ice and elevation are used together for the same purpose. Icing the injured area constricts the flow of blood and, thus, decreases the injury bleeding into the area around it. And elevating the injury similarly slows blood flow. This is important, Moro stressed, because the less blood
