# Star-Phoenix — 1987-05-06 — p.19

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-05-06
**Page:** 19
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512095951?terms=%22Centennial+Cup%22
**Image ID:** 512095951

## Paragraphs

"If they had won, I wouldn't have wanted to shake hands with them either. We knew we had to play each other again in the Centennial Cup; it's not like we wanted to be buddies with them.' -Richmond's Steve Jaques

Humboldt's Morgan Watts has the rare distinction of having played for three of the four teams at the Centennial Cup. The native of Dartmouth started the 1983-84 season with Pembroke, but was released and split the remainder

Rutherford and Bryan Moller will be heading to North Dakota, Ohio State and Alabama respectively. - Six players from Pembroke Bruce Coles, Mike Eastwood, George Dupont, Peter White, Chris Clarke and Sean Cregan - have been approached by NCAA schools. With a horde of college and professional scouts attending the Centennial Cup, several more players will likely be recruited this week.

sion," says Broncos forward Morgan Watts. "It wasn't just Bernie. It's too bad he's getting blamed for it." Sockeye coach Orland Kurtenbach wasn't impressed with Lynch or the Broncos, saying "hockey's above that. It's a seven-game series, it's over, and win or lose, you still shake hands. That was one series, the Centennial Cup is completely different." Lynch has one unexpected ally, however, in Richmond's Steve Jaques, who started this year with the Broncos. "I don't blame them," said Jaques. "If they had won, I wouldn't have wanted to shake hands with them either. We knew we had to play each other again in the Centennial Cup; it's not like we wanted to be buddies with them.'

Several players in the Centennial Cup tournament will be heading to American colleges next year on hockey scholarships. Humboldt's Dave Shyiak and Bill McDougall will be going to Northern Michigan University, and Al Novakowski of the Broncos will attend Ohio o State. Dave Tomlinson of Richmond has a scholarship from Boston University, and Sockeyes Mike McCormick, Paul
