# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-10-14 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-10-14
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325826432?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325826432

## Paragraphs

""The league increased its fees to improve the officiating, and it hasn't improved one bit," he added. "In fact, it's even worse. It was just ridiculous. What happened out there (third-period fights) was just a result of frustration." Sproule rested a number of his still admitted trouble smaller, inexperienced players, but playing well at Civic Arena. "There's no question," he said. "This is the smallest ice surface in the division and a lot of our boys haven't played here Before. They found out they can't make mistakes because they'll always cost you.' Clippers outshot Juan de Fuca 45-26 with goalie Mike Sutherland picking up his third win since being traded from Vernon. "There's no doubt in the early going Mike was one of the reasons we stayed in the game," said Dutka. "When the Whalers had a couple.of two-man powerplays, he made the saves when he had to." Todd Sawtell and Mike Van Sickle replied for the Whalers. Clipper blueliner Matt Woods played possibly his best game of the season, showing signs he may finally reach the potential that has been expected of him for the last three seasons. Newly-acquired Rob Steele also had a fine game, setting up three goals including Allen's second of the season, a beautiful third- effort that left Juan de Fuca defenders looking like fenceposts. L.D. McNabb was the only Clipper loser in the fight department, losing a wild scrap to Rick Cox. Parkes and Cody Gundlock fought to a draw, Sean Stotts easily decisioned Ron Bhala and McDonald beat former Clipper Todd Demchuck. In Delta, Flyers' linemates Peter Holmes, Ben Biagioni and Doug MacDonald combined for 12 points as the Flyers upped their record to nine wins and no losses with a 6-4 win over the Richmond Sockeyes. Holmes and Biagioni scored two goals apiece while McDonald got another. The other Delta goal came from Jim Tobin. For the Sockeyes, Brad Dickson scored two goals with Mario Desjardins and Rob Clarke getting singles. Delta goalie Chris Dickson blocked 25 shots and Sockeyes' goalie Jason Palmer stopped 37. The Flyers are in first place in the Coastal Division while the Sockeyes are in second with a 6-5 record. CLIPPER NOTES: Three stars as chosen by New West Bruin scout Keith Walsh were, 1. Stotts, 2. Sutherland, 3. David Bortoletto (only Whaler not to be on the ice after a Clipper goal).... Next Clipper home game is Friday (8 p.m.) against Richmond Sockeyes in a battle for second place Jim Morrison has returned home to Edmonton to ponder his hockey future . . . Wally Bzdell picked up his first point of the season, assisting on Peters' goal. . . The only Clipper still without point is Jason Knox.
