# The Leader-Post — 1987-05-04 — p.27

**Publication:** The Leader-Post
**Date:** 1987-05-04
**Page:** 27
**Location:** Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/496959220/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 496959220

## Paragraphs

Fast start for Broncos From L-P Wire Services Buoyed by familiar surroundings, the Humboldt Broncos won their first two games of the Centennial Cup junior A hockey championship. Following a 7-2 victory over the Dartmouth (N.S.) Fuel Kings Saturday night, the Saskatchewan Amateur Junior Hockey League's Broncos beat the Pembroke (Ont.) Lumber Kings 4-2 Sunday night in the round-robin t tournament. The Broncos built a 3-1 lead in the first period and hung on for the victory after the Lumber Kings battled back to make it 3-2 in the second stanza. Kevin Luke, Rob Rice. Duncan Ryhorchuk and Curtis Chamberlin, with the winner at 16:09 of the first period, scored for the Broncos. Mike Eastwood scored both goals for Pembroke, who was outshot 42- 32. On Saturday, Humboldt overcame an early 2-1 deficit to defeat Dartmouth. Dave Shyiak and Bill McDougall each scored twice for the Broncos, who fired 40 shots at Dartmouth netminder Troy Crosby. Al Novakowski, Mike Gaber and Mike Chighisola added singles for the Broncos. Steve Brown and Norman LeBlanc replied for Dartmouth, who tested Humboldt goaltender Trevor Lloyd 22 times. In Sunday's other game, the Richmond (B.C.) Sockeyes defeated Dartmouth 7-3, led by Jason Pl Phillips' three goals. Byron Moller, Steve Jaques, Dave Tomlinson and Matt Hervey also scored for the Sockeyes, who outshot Dartmouth 44-29. Jerry Scott had two goals and Brian King had one for Dartmouth, whose record dropped to 0-2. Richmond stands at 1-0, while Pembroke sports an 0-1 mark. Richmond and Pembroke play in today's only game. Volleyballers win silver Saskatchewan's women's team won a silver medal at the national junior volleyball championships in Saskatoon on Sunday. They lost to Ontario's entry from Scarborough 3- 0 (15-12, 15-13, 15-10) in the final. Chris Klassen of Saskatoon led Saskatchewan with 19 kills. Terri Wildeman of Leroy chipped in with 16 kills, and Janice Chase of Yellow Grass added nine kills and seven service aces. Sherbrooke defeated Montreal 3-0 to win the all-Quebec bronze-medal final. Saskatchewan's men won a bronze by defeating the University of Manitoba 3-0 (15-11, 15-7, 15-12). The University of Alberta defeated Limoilou (Que.) 3-1 (15-0, 12-15, 17- 15, 16-14) to win the gold. Middle hitter Chris Klassen of Saskatoon and setter Artis Tweddle of Harris were named to the women's all-star team. Power. hitter Brad Dusyk of Montmartre earned a spot on the men's all-star team.
