# Star-Phoenix — 1987-04-30 — p.45

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-04-30
**Page:** 45
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512312872?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 512312872

## Paragraphs

S-P Services It was a series decided as much by timely bounces as tight checking, and the Richmond Sockeyes got the last bounce at the right time. Richmond's Dave Tomlinson scored with 2:37 remaining in regulation time Wednesday night to snap a 4-4 tie and give Richmond a 5-4 victory visiting Humboldt Broncos to thin the Abbott Cup. Sockeyes won the bestof-seven Western .Canada Tier Two junior hockey series four games to three. Richmond and Humboldt each won two one-goal games in a series that saw the Sockeyes outscore the Broncos 26-24. "Our guys played super hockey here," said Humboldt coach Bernie Lynch. "I can't ask them to play better than they did. But the way the puck seemed to find a way to jump over our sticks, it just seemed that somebody up there said, 'Sorry, but you're not going to win tonight.' "I told them after the game to remember that this wasn't a bestof-seven, it's a best-of-nine. If we' beat them in the Centennial Cup, nobody will remember who the Western champion was."

There are two things the Humboldt Broncos do very consistently: one is win hockey games, the other is make money. Although they failed to accom-' plish the former on Wednesday, losing 5-4 to the Richmond Sockeyes in the seventh game of their Abbott Cup series in Richmond, they almost certainly will do the latter with the Centennial Cup tournament which officially opens in Humboldt on Friday. The Broncos, who turned smalltime hockey drafts into a bigleague operation, have taken the Centennial Cup tournament and turned it into another winner. With Cup tickets going as an eight-game package for $50, the team managed t to virtually sell out the 2,400-seat Uniplex. Add to that the contributions of eight or nine sponsors, including the Bauer skate company, and the Broncos were looking at adding to their already impressive bank account. And all this was done with the noblest of intentions. "It wasn't set up to make mon-
