# Telegraph-Journal — 1987-11-07 — p.29

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1987-11-07
**Page:** 29
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1111288540?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 1111288540

## Paragraphs

After being cut, Hervey was considering calling it quits but after coming in contact with Orland Kurtenbach, a former National Hockey Leaguer with four teams over 11 seasons, Hervey's outlook on life changed for the better. Kurtenbach is the coach of the Richmond Sockeyes of the BCJHL. "Kurtenbach was a big influence on me. We had a talk about my off-ice attitude because I was letting a lot of little things bother me. "Playing under him really helped me out. He helped me make decisions,' continued Hervey. "'He said he'd get me a shot somewhere depending on how I played and we had a great year." In 17 regular season games, the hard-nosed blueliner had 24 points. The Sockeyes went on to win the Centennial Cup national tier 11 junior hockey championship at Humbolt. Sask., and Hervey was named to the first all-star team. "We had a great time. We had over ten, 20-year-olds and a lot of really good young guys with futures. We had five guys who had full rides to colleges back east," in the United States. Hervey, who couldn't stress enough that his favorite sport growing up was always hockey, pointed out that he prefers cool weather to the hot California sunshine and declared that to be successful, "it's real important to make hockey as fun as it can be and to have a really good work ethic." The 5', 11", 200-pounder, has brought his energetic a attitude to Moncton this season. He said he's, "still on cloud nine from the Winnipeg camp. (Jets' head coach) Dan Maloney was good to me and (general manager) John Ferguson was good to me." Hervey is presently on a 25- game amateur tryout and is waiting for a contract. He recently got word from the powers that be to get an apartment in Moncton, which means: a contract might be pending. He's been one of the steadiest defenceman for coach Rick Bowness this season, scoring one goal and assisting on two others and is second on the team in penalty minutes with 47. He's only played six games. "My game is to play physical, like clearing the front of •the net and going in the corners. I'm not a goon," he maintained. "And I'm an enforcer because I'm not a good enough fighter to be that...yet."
