# The Province — 1987-05-11 — p.12

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-05-11
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502004558?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 502004558

## Paragraphs

By FRANK LUBA Sports Reporter For the 1986-87 Richmond Sockeyes, the Centennial Cup championship is now just a memory. For the bulk of the team, Richmond will soon be just a memory, too. Of this year's roster, only 16-year-olds Rob Sumner and Jason Talo appear set to return to the Sockeyes, who won B.C.'s second consecutive Canadian junior A championship by downing the Humboldt Broncos 5-2 Saturday. The nine 20-year-olds forming the experienced core of the team are no longer eligible. That includes standouts like goaltender Frank Romeo, the Centennial Cup's most valuable player, and defenceman Matt Hervey, who had a tryout with the Los Angeles Kings last year. Sockeyes' president Horst Wilkomm is thinking about taking a break from hockey and even coach Orland Kurtenbach must decide his future. Humboldt will also be the scene of mass departures. In addition to several players taking U.S. college scholarships, the Broncos will lose their seven 20-year-olds and maybe head coach Bernie Lynch. Lynch, also the Saskatchewan champions' general manager, raised the ire of Humboldt fans following the Broncos' refusal to shake hands with the Sockeyes when Richmond won the Western Canadian. championship. The incident provoked letters of outrage in the weekly Humboldt Journal and much muttering among the Uniplex crowds.

Champagne shampoo CP photo Richmond Sockeyes' coach Orland Kurtenbach gets a champagne shower from team members following their 5-2 victory over the Broncos in Humboldt, Sask., for the Centennial Cup.
