# The Times-Transcript — 1988-11-08 — p.41

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-11-08
**Page:** 41
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107421777/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107421777

## Paragraphs

Jets show too much patience with Bandit Why are the Winnipeg Jets putting up with Daniel Berthiaume's sulking? They are more than simply "putting up" with him. In fact, the NHL team is showing far too much patience with the spoiled 22. year-old goaltender. Berthiaume, nicknamed the Bandit, refused to report to the American Hockey League's Moncton Hawks earlier this season. He was subsequently suspended without pay.. Berthiaume waited until pay day before reporting to the Hawks. Now after a couple of weeks in the AHL and not winning any games, Berthiaume has gone AWOL again. returned to his home in Montreal. While at home Saturday, called John Ferguson to see if there's anything he could do to get him back in the Jets line-up. Ferguson had just been fired as Winnipeg's general manager and vi e-president. The interim general manager, Mike Smith, admits he doesn't know what to do about Berthiaume. He hasn't even suspended him. "He's an NHL goalie and only 22 years-old," Smith said in a telephone interview Monday. "The Winnipeg Jets are not ready to trade Daniel Berthiaume. He has far too much potential to trade away." The Jets already have two NHL goaltenders in Pokey Reddick and Alain Chevrier. They also have an outstanding prospect, in Tom Draper, who has won six of his eight decisions the Moncton Hawks. Do they really need Berthiaume, a six-figure headache? Some NHL teams are in dire need of a front-line goaltender. Why not trade Berthiaume for some toughness? Afterall, the Jets are the shortest and lightest team in the NHL. "I don't know what's going to happen," said Smith. "I just work here." The Jets must admit soon they have some holes in their lineup. Trading Berthiaume would help fill some of those holes and give someone else the headaches. Because of his attitude, Berthiaume's market value has been reduced. Still, it seems Minnesota North Stars or Pittsburgh Penquins would be willing to part with some muscle for a goaltender who is on the all-star ballot. While Berthiaume pouted and had a negative influence on the Hawks, veteran Gilles Hamel has been just the opposite. Hamel was told about his re-assignment to the Hawks late Friday. He quickly got some belongings together and was in Moncton by Saturday at 3 p.m. Hamel played that night at the Coliseum against the Cape Breton Oilers and had an outstanding game. His puck-handling and speed created several scoring chances. No doubt, his approach to the game was s also appreciated by other members of the team. Gilles Hamel proved that he is a true professional. Rookie centre Brad Jones has been recalled by the Jets, but the Hawks expect to have him back in the lineup later this week. Jones will be in Winnipeg's lineup tonight when the Jets play in Quebec City. He will be replacing Alfie Turcotte, who suffered an eye injury in Montreal Saturday. Turcotte took Larry Robinson's stick in the eye and suffered cuts above and below the eyeball. He i is still in hospital and doctors don't believe surgery will be necessary. If Turcotte of veteran Laurie Boschman, who is nursing a sore leg, can return to the Jets lineup later in the week, Jones will return to the Hawks, who play in Sydney Thursday and at home Friday night. Jones was Moncton's second leading scorer with 16 points in 14 games. ••• NOTES - Moncton native Charlie Bourgeois has played 10 games with Binghamton Whalers. He has no goals and three assits with a team-leading 54 penalty minutes. Binghamton's first game in Moncton this season is Dec. 7. Hawks defenceman Matt Hervey started skating with the team again Monday. He's missed three games with a leg injury and coach Rick Bowness hopes the second-year pro is back in the lineup by the weekend. Hervey leads the Hawks in plus-minus stats. Rookie Benoit Brunet of Sherbrooke leads the AHL scoring race with seven goals and 17 assists in 11 games. Hawks defenceman Paul Boutilier on the importance of Saturday night's 7-3 win at home against the Oilers: "We knew that we were a better than we have shown in the past few weeks. We needed a win, especially against them because we have to establish something. We play them 16 times this year. If we can a majority of those games and the ones against Halifax, we should make the playoffs." Former Moncton minor hockey star and AHL rookie of the year last season Mikle Richard is tied for 10th in league scoring. He has six goals and 10. assists in 13 games with Baltimore Skipjacks. The Hawks are 10th in league attendance with an average crowd of 2,672 during the first seven home games of the season. The league average is 3,281. Rochester, despite winning only three of its first 15 games, leads the attendance parade with an average of 5,769. Cape Breton is the best Canadian team and fourth overall with an average of 3,696. The Hawks have started a bowling league featuring players and their wives. Every Monday afternoon, the Hawks will bowl at Fairlanes on Mountain Road. It is

Lance Shields, Hamilton, Interception Returns- Yards Harry Skipper, Saskatchewan, 185; Marcus Thomas, B.C., 171; Cliff Toney, Edmooton, 160. Fumble Retarns James Parker, B.C., 5; Eight tied with four. Fumble Retaras-Yards - Chris Major, Ottawa, 77; Michael Allen, Winnipeg, 66; Greg Battle, Winnipeg, 66. Punters- - Hank Desic, Tor• onto, 44.0; Bob Cameron, Winnipeg, (3.7; Jerry Kauric, Edmonton, 43.0. NFL STANDINGS (All Times EDT) AMERICAN CONFERENCE East L TF A Pet Buffalo 0 212 142 NY Jets . 220 550 Indianapolis 0 243 193 500 Miami 6 0 186 203 New England 0 176 209 500 Ceatral Cincinnati 2 0 204 185 .800 Houston 730229230.700 Cleveland 0 170 156 .600 Pittsburgh 0 196 179 200 West Denver 0 207 206 .500 Seattle 0 161 187 LA Raiders 204 219 San Diego 119 199 Kansas City 1 196 279 .150 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East NY Giants 0 219 199 .700 Phoenix 233 219 Washington 0 0243 236 Philadelphia 233 211 500 Dallas 0 169 200 200 Central Chicago 0 192 123 Minnesota 0 249 179 Detroit 0 129 210 Green Bay 0 160 207 Tampa Bay 0 175 West LA Rams 0 266 180 New Orleans 214 178 San Fran 222 1 196 Atlanta 0 189 244 300 Monday Result Houston 24 Cleveland 17 Sunday Resalts New York Giants 29 Dallas 21 Minnesota 44 Detroit 17 Atlanta 20 Green Bay 0 Philadelphia 30 Los Angeles Rams 24 New England 21 Miami 10 Cincinnati 42 Pittsburgh 7 Chicago 28 Tampa Bay 10 Phoenix 2 San Francisco 33 Indianapolis 33 New York Jets 14 Washington 17 New Orleans 2 Denver 17 Kansas City 11 Buffalo 13 Seattle Los Angeles Raiders 13 San Diego 3 Sanday Games Chicago at Washington Cincinnati at Kansas City Indianapolis at Green Bay New England at New York Jets Philadelphia at Pittsburgh San Diego at Atlanta Tampa Bay at Detroit Los Angeles Raiders at San Francisco New Orieans at Los Angeles Rams New York Giants at Phoenix Cleveland at Denver Houston at Seattle Minnesota at Dallas N Monday Game Buffalo at Miami N
