# Telegraph-Journal — 1988-03-04 — p.26

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1988-03-04
**Page:** 26
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1111187087/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1111187087

## Paragraphs

MONCTON As Moncton Hawks' coach Rick Bowness sifts through his statistics from this American Hockey League season, the negative happenings heavily outweigh the positive things but one stat that stands out in his mind is the play of rookie defenceman Matt Hervey. The Hawks are in last place in the American Hockey League's Northern Division with a record of 21-39-7 and 51 points, 10 points out of the last playoff spot, which is being held down by the Nova Scotia Oilers. Tonight, Moncton will host the Sherbrooke Canadiens at 7:30 o'clock at the Coliseum. On Wednesday, the same two teams fought to a 2-2 overtime tie. Remember Hervey, the guy who came to the Winnipeg Jets training camp as a walk-on and in his second shift in Winnipeg, he "smacked Doug Smail," recalled Winnipeg scout Peter Sullivan. "Then Laurie Boschman came off the bench and took into him." "You get noticed that way," said Bowness. "He's our only plus player. That says it all." Last season, Hervey played in the British Columbia Tier II Junior Hockey League with the Richmond Sockeyes, under coach Orland Kurtenbach, a former NHLer. **We didn't have a clue what he was like," said Bowness, adding that, "Orland Kurtenbach recommended him. His best strength is
