# The Winnipeg Sun — 1989-10-04 — p.37

**Publication:** The Winnipeg Sun
**Date:** 1989-10-04
**Page:** 37
**Location:** Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/735358966/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 735358966

## Paragraphs

Peters, Acton sent down the 'Yellow Brick Road" To the surprise of absolutely no one, Win- going to happen on waiver draft day (Monday)." nipeg Jets traded Pete Peters and Keith Acton Peeters, more than anyone, likely suffered back to Philadelphia Flyers yesterday. the most. He was obliged to sit out the Flyers And who says the deep thinkers of the Na- last three pre-season games. His conditioning tional Hockey League don't have a sense of hu- was already behind schedule, having missed mor? This slick deal was strictly from the Land the first two weeks of camp due to an injured of Oz and only Dorothy and the Tinman would elbow sustained while lifting weights. have actually believed Peters and Acton were He put in extra time at the Flyers' practice going to show up here. yesterday. Meanwhile, Acton was flattered. This trade was purely scratch our back and "I'm honored that the Flyers would go to so we'll scratch yours; protect our players from much trouble to keep me around," he said. the waiver draft vultures and we'll toss you a "Hopefully I'll be able to repay their confidence." couple of draft picks in appreciation. Clarke is still burdened by goaltender Ron The players involved were even bewildered Hextall walking out on his contract. According with all the under-the-table dealings between to Philly sources, Flyer management is patientJet GM Mike Smith and Flyer counterpart Bob ly waiting for Hextall to come to his senses. Clarke. Both steadfastly maintain this trade If Hextall continues his stance it's likely was purely coincidental with the previous deal. he'll be offered to clubs around the league. "I'm quite confused," Peters told The Jets received the Flyers' sixth-round draft Philadelphia Daily News yesterday. "It was ex- choice in 1991 and the conditional draft they plained to me that they (Flyers) were going to surrendered to Philly in July for defenceman do something with Winnipeg. I thought it was Shawn Cronin.

(knee) and Brad Berry (seperated shoulder) and forward lain Duncan (knee surgery). The departure of Essensa establishes Daniel (The Bandit) Berthiaume as the Jets' No. 1 goalie heading into Friday's season opener against New York Rangers. A year ago Berthiaume was sent to Moncton, subsequently balking at the move and demanding to be traded. Berthiaume's back-up will be Tom Draper, who appeared in two games last season with the Jets and 54 games with the Hawks, registering a 27-17-5 record. Meantime, Mantha is looking forward to reestablishing himself along the Jet blueline, where he played from 1980 until his trade in 1984 to Pittsburgh in exchange for Randy Carlyle. "I wasn't really surprised when I was claimed off the waivers,' said the offensiveminded Mantha. "I talked to Bob Clarke and he said there was a chance I would get picked up. "I'm excited about getting picked up; this is a new start for me. Having played in the Patrick Division I've really concentrated on my defensive game."

Stories by BRIAN SMILEY Sun Staff Writer When Moe Mantha last played for Winnipeg Jets, youngsters Laurie Boschman and Doug Smail weren't eligible for the NHL pension plan. Graybeards Boschman and Smail are now 10 and nine-year vets, respectively, and very much eligible for post-career benefits. "Yeah, things sure change," said Mantha, who was acquired by the Jets in Monday's NHL waiver draft from Philadelphia Flyers. "But it's nice to be back here. I enjoyed the city, I've got some friends here and I never burn bridges, so it's nice to be back." Mantha's arrival spelled bad news for a number of the Jet youngsters. GM Mike Smith announced yesterday five players were demoted to American League affiliate Moncton Hawks. Gone to the farm are defencemen Matt Hervey and Winnipeg native Grant Richison and Bryan Marchment. Goaltender Bob Essensa and forward Brent Hughes also received the bad news. Jets have 25 players in camp, including injured defencemen Peter Taglianetti

Photo by JOE BRYKSA Moe Mantha dons a Jets' jersey, albeit a practice shirt, once again. Moe makes it back
