# The Vancouver Sun — 1990-04-28 — p.11

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1990-04-28
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494943215/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 494943215

## Paragraphs

HOCKEY NOTEBOOK "They are not close to that Sockeyes team," he concluded. The common denominator in both the Royals and the '87 Sockeyes is team owner Bruce Taylor. The freespending Taylor, a Burnaby businessman, is a fierce competitor who loves to win. But half a million? "Our operating budget is less than $140,000," said Royals coach John Olver, although some league insiders suggest the team will spend more than $200,000 and maybe closer to $300,000 when all the bills come in. The Royals, points out Olver, don't pay their players directly but find them jobs. Some work for Taylor's roofing and sheet metal company. The Royals' first game in the Centennial Cup will be on May 5 against the Central region champion. Longueuil, Que., and Sudbury, Ont., are currently playing off for that spot. Longueuil leads the best-of-seven series 3-1. The only remaining spot up for grabs is in the Manitoba-Saskatche-1 wan region where the Nipawin and Portage-la-Prairie best-of-seven: series is tied 2-2. Host Vernon, Atlantic champion : Amherst, N.S., and New Westminster round out the five-team tournament. This year's format calls for a single round-robin with the top four advancing to a sudden death semifinal. The final is scheduled for Saturday, May 12th.

league (52-3-4) and they've recruited guys from all over the world. "They're a half-million-dollar7 team but they weren't as awesome as 1 expected, which may sound funny because they beat us four straight." Added Phelps: "I've been around this level of hockey for five years and I've seen better teams." Phelps feels the 1987 Centennial Cup champion Richmond Sockeyes would easily handle this year's Royals.
