# The Abbotsford News — 1990-10-03 — p.47

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1990-10-03
**Page:** 47
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/537066955/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 537066955

## Paragraphs

A powerplay goal by Scott Edwards at 8:30 of the final period broke a 7-7 tie and propelled the Abbotsford Pilots to a back-and-forth 8-7 seasonopening victory over the expansion Richmond Sockeyes Friday night at MSA Arena. As might be expected, it was early season West Coast Junior Hockey League form on display, before less than 200 fans. "It showed us we have some weak spots to work on," said Pilots coach Sam Styles, who quickly added, "but it also showed us some promising points, too." Abbotsford took a 3-2 lead in the first period but Richmond, led by former B.C. Junior Hockey League star Jason Talo, who had a four-point night, stormed back with a pair of early goals to move into a 4-3 lead. However, it was now the Pilots turn to fly. Veteran defenceman Todd Geddes, named the team's offensive player of the game for the night for his playmaking and puck movement skills, started the comeback at 6:15. He helped set up newcomer Andrew llaender for the go ahead goal, on the powerplay, at 14:01. Then another newcomer, Jason Murrel, put the Pilots up by two with his second goal of the game at 17:10. In the third, second-year Pilot Shawn McAdie boosted the Pilots' lead to three when he struck at 3:13 - but then came the Sockeyes. Three goals in 2:17 brought them back even

DAVE PALLER Diving Abbotsford defenceman Shane Cadwell makes the great play here to rob this Richmond Sockeye of a breakaway attempt during Friday night's season-opener at MSA Arena. Edge Sockeyes 8-7 in season-opener
