# The Times-Transcript — 1994-02-28 — p.17

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1994-02-28
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107761162/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1107761162

## Paragraphs

* Hub photo Moncton forward Dave Tomlinson, reassigned to the Hawks from the NHL's Winnipeg Jets during the weekend, is watched closely by Andy Schneider of the PEI Senators. "We've got a lot of talent on this team, but we can only be game.' successful when we work hard. It's a lesson everyone learned Meanwhile, Fredericton Canadiens b beat the Cape Breton the Oilers fourth 5-0 to move within seven points of the Oilers in the race for and final playoff spot in the Atlantic Division. Gary Leeman scored three Canadiens goals for and the Oilers Baby play each other four more times this season. Habs. John Flames lost their fifth straight road game 5-1 in - Saint Rochester. Flames were blanked 3-0 by Cornwall Aces on Saturday. Aces drew a corwd of 4,230 for their first sellout of the season. St. John's Maple Leafs beat the Hershey Bears 5-1. Veteran goaltender Pat Jablonski, just obtained in a trade from Tampa Bay, made his debut with the Baby Leafs.

NOTES - - Hawks return to action Wednesday, when they play host to the Southern Division-leading Hershey Bears, who have lost just two of their last 10 games. Hawks also play in Saint John on Thursday have a before 19-12-1 playing record host at home and they are 12-14-2 on the road. to the Flames on Friday night. ...Hawks ...Forward Dave Tomlinson returned to the Hawks lineup after a 23- game stint with the NHL's Winnipeg Jets. ..Hawks Palace. were involved European in a number of promotions Saturday at Crystal players Oleg Mikoulchik, Milan Tichy of and park's Harjis rides Vitolinsh with kids signed in attendance. At the McGinnis Landing restaurant, coach Rob Laird, autographs and went on a number the Brian Straub and winger Frank Kovacs waited on tadefenceman bles.

By Dwayne Tingley Sports Editor Moncton Hawks coach Rob Laird admits his team wasn't at i its best Sunday night, but putting another two points on the board is all that counts. Hawks scored all of their goals in the second period and defeated the lowly Prince Edward Island Senators 4-1 in an American Hockey League game played before 2,650 spectators at the Coliseum. The win improves Moncton's record to 31-26-3 for 65. points and solidifies their hold second a place or in the Atlantic Division. Hawks trail the division-leading St. John's Maple Leafs by eight points and they are five points ahead of the third-place Saint John Flames. Sunday's game started an hour later after the Senators ferry was delayed by shifting ice in the Northumberland Strait. The normal 45- minute crossing took nearly three hours. Senators, however, started the game strong and it looked like it was the Hawks who were stranded on an ice floe. Dartmouth native Jason Firth scored for the Senators in the first period and a couple of fine saves by Hawks goaltender Stephane Beauregard kept P.E.I. from doing more damage. Hawks showed much more intensity in the second period and they took control of the game. Defencemen Todd Copeland and d Mike Muller dished out some stiff bodychecks and the Hawks initiated their tireless forechecking game, which has carried t them through their impressive run during the last couple of months. "We've played 60 games and they can't all be classic games," said Hawks coach Rob Laird. "The important thing was that rebounded after a slow start," Laird added. "We realized that to get back into the game, we'd have to play hard for the final 40 minutes. "Fortunately, 40 minutes was enough in this game. We responded well after a slow start. These two points are as important as any other two points in the standings." Feisty winger Wayne Doucet scored his eighth goal of the season on a 50-foot slap shot just 38 seconds into the second period to kickstart the Hawks offence. Ken Gernander, Andy Brickley and Harjis Vitolinsh also scored for the Hawks, who outshot the Senators 34-23. Hawks also had several good scoring chances in the third period. They also held the Senators to just three shots on goal. "We were taking some shortcuts in the first period, but we regained our work ethic for the final two periods," Laird said.
