# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-12-19 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-12-19
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323796279/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 323796279

## Paragraphs

The next time Rod Summers visits Frank Crane Arena, he'll be wearing the blue and white jersey of the Abbotsford Flyers. Nanaimo Clipper owner coach Doug Harding released the 18-year-old White Rock -blueliner from the B.C. Junior Hockey League club Tuesday, allowing Summers to join the Flyers. Harding said he is hoping the Flyers will compensate the Clippers for Summers, saying "I've told them I need a goal scoring forward. We're hoping that they'll be able to reciprocate that, but if not..." Abbotsford and Summers have been talking for some time, but when a deal to send Summers to Richmond Sockeyes didn't materialize, Harding was left with little choice in the situation when the Flyers hummed and hawed about trade bait. "What can you do? I told him I either get someone for him, or keep him out of hockey," he said. Nanaimo had hoped to land 18-yearold forward Doug McFaul in the deal, but that is up in the air. Meanwhile, in BCJHL action Tuesday night, McFaul, Rob Reid and Sean Harder all scored twice as the Flyers toppled Richmond Sockeyes 124 in Richmond. Mitch Evanish, Rick Bifaro, Mike Bulka, Kal Russell, Chris Anderson and Joe Quinn also tallied for Abbotsford. Rick Dietrich fired a pair of goals for the Sockeyes, who got, singles from Henry Reimer and Keith Streete In Summerland, David Shields produced four goals and two assists to lead Penticton Knights to a 12-3 rout of the Buckaroos. Penticton's other markers came from Murray Winnicki, Greg Cyr, Rod Ware, John De Pourcq, Ian Kidd, Mike Barzal, Derek Mäyer and Joe Murphy. Ed Tuckwood with two, and Cary Fisher replied for Summerland.
