# The Bangor Daily News — 1984-11-03 — p.9

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1984-11-03
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/664881437/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 664881437

## Paragraphs

Don Porter's power-play goal just 45 seconds into the second period made it 2-1 before Jacques tied it. Both teams had some good scoring chances in the penalty-filled second period (13 minors), but goalies Jean Lacoste and Roach were equal to the task as they were in a cautious, defenseminded third period. "An extremely important factor in the game for us was going with four defensemen, including three freshmen (Nonis, Stan Czenczek, and Scott Drevitch along with tri-captain Rene Comeault)," pointed out Walsh. "And I felt the turning point came in the third period and resulted from our conditioning. "I credit that to the work we did in September. The team felt in better condition than ever and capable of playing up to what we expected in that third period." Lacoste, making his first Hockey East start, was superb as he turned aside 28 shots for the 2-4 Bears (2-3 in Hockey East). Roach had 21 stops for Michigan Tech, which slipped to 4-3. The Huskies were ranked No. 4 in the country in the latest WMPL radio station coaches poll. The two teams will square off again at the Student Ice Arena on Saturday night at 7:35. Ray Roy (3.40 GAA) is expected to start in goal for Maine. Maine 1-1-0-1 - 3 Michigan Tech 1-1-0-0 - 2 First period - 1. Michigan Tech, Nepi 2 (Reierson), 7:01; 2. Maine, Wahlin 3 (Mann, Wensley), 11:39. Penalties - Maine, Purcell, elbowing, 1:07; Maine, Wahlin, slashing, 6:13; Michigan Tech, Harris, high-sticking, 11:25. Second period - 3. Michigan Tech, Porter 3 (Nepi, Reierson), :45; 4. Maine, Jacques 1 (Czenczek, Drevitch), 4:21. Penalties - Maine, Wahlin, slashing, :06; Michigan Tech, Novak, charging, 1:11; Michigan Tech, Archibald, roughing, 4:55; Michigan Tech, Reierson, tripping, 5:12; Maine, Santini, high-sticking, 8:00; Michigan Tech, Colvin, cross checking, 9:52; Maine, Hegland, interference, 10:15; Michigan Tech, Hamilton, elbowing, 14:30; Maine, Czenczek, roughing, 14:30; Michigan Tech, Vachon, roughing, 14:52; Maine, McDonald, roughing, 14:52; Michigan Tech, Compton, elbowing, 17:32; Michigan Tech, interference, 18:54. Third period - No scoring. Penalties - None. Overtime - 5. Maine, Wahlin 4 (Nonis, Mann), :19. Penalties - None. Shots on goal - Maine 5-9-9-1-24; Michigan Tech 11-9-10- 0-30. Goaltenders - Maine, Jean Lacoste; Michigan Tech, Dave Roach. Attendance - 2,870.
