# The Bangor Daily News — 1984-11-19 — p.9

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1984-11-19
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/664870417/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 664870417

## Paragraphs

digan stood in front of Walsh, raising his hands in jubilation. "He was screaming at me and making comments about our team," said Walsh. "I tried to get around him but he stepped in my way again." "He was also making obscene gestures," said Maine's Steve Santini. Madigan, who was charged by Maine's Hellen and Mazur, was questioned about the incident by the NEWS but refused to an comment. "He (Madigan) instigated the whole thing by taunting the Maine coach," said McBride. "That's why we gave him his game disqualification." The Bears, who played the body very effectively all night long, took a 2-1 first-period lead when Maher, popping in a loose puck, and Jacques, capitalizing on a two-on-one with Dave Nonis, sandwiched a rebound goal by Isbister. Maine made it 4-1 in the second period when Scott Smith's rush and deflected shot resulted in Maher's goal from a scramble in front and Maher and Jacques collaborated on a nifty two-on-one with Maher finishing. However, the Bears got caught in a line change at the end of the period and Heffernan scored on a two-on-one. As the period came to a close, a Northeastèrn forward bumped into Roy looking for a rebound and Stan Czenczek flattened him. Lori jumped on Czenczek's back "and (without his gloves) began gouging my face and eyes with his fingernails." That triggered the first brawl. In the third period, Isbister won a

going down, blasted home a drive with Maine 3 0 0-4 Third period -7. Northeastern, Kiley 1 (Isbister, Pratt), 7:25 remaining to make it 4-3. First period - 1. Maine, Maher 2 (Hegland), 1:28; 2. 12:35; 8. Northeastern, Isbister 12 (Pratt, Whitfield), 17:27. controversial Is- Northeastern, Isbister 11 (Kinal, Averill), 1:53; 3. Maine, Penalties: Northeastern, Kinal, hooking, 1:53; NortheastThe non-goal call, Jacques 4 (Nonis, Czenczek), 16:18. Penalties: Maine, ern, Madigan, high sticking, 4:41; Maine, Wahlin, highbister's tying goal and O'Brien's game- Maher, cross- checking, 1:41; Northeastern, Heffernan, sticking, 4:41; Northeastern, bench minor (served by winner followed. charging, 2:04; Northeastern, Neary, interference, 7:01; McDougall), gross misconduct, 4:41; Northeastern, Emer"We became a hockey team ton- Northeastern, high-sticking, 11:20; Northeastern, son, interference, 5:18; Maine, Jacques, interference, like a Pratt, delay of game, 11:20; Maine, Hellen, 11:20; high-sticking, Northeast- 5:33; Maine, Nonis, late hit, 6:45; Maine, Wensley, hook ight," said Walsh. "We came out 11:20; Maine, Lelievre, delay of game, ing, 12:58. team possessed to win a must game ern, Heffernan, slashing, 19:15; Maine, McDonald, slash- Overtime - 9. Northeastern, D. O'Brien 1 (Heffernan), and everybody gave all they had. I feel ing, 19:15. 5:08. Penalties: Northeastern, Lori, game disqualification bad for kids but I'm really proud of Second period - 4. Maine, Maher 3 (Jacques, S. Smith), for attempt to injure, 5:08; Northeastern, Madigan, game our 5:31; 5. Maine, Mahner 4 (Jacques), 12:09; 6. Northeast- disqualification for attempt to injure, 5:08; Maine, Hellen, them. We had the game put away with ern, Heffernan 8 (Averill, Pratt), 19:44. Penalties: Maine, game disqualification for attempt to injure, 5:08; Maine, the fifth goal but it was taken away Czenczek, hooking, 1:52; Maine, Nonis, tripping, 2:48; Mazur, game disqualification for attempt to injure, 5:08. from us. Maine, McDonald, hooking, 6:28; Maine, Mann, game dis- Shots on goal: Northeastern 8-19-18-4- 49. Maine 10-6-6-2- Maine is 4-7 overall, 2-6 in Hockey qualification, 20:00; Maine, Purcell, minor game for late disqualifica- hit; 24. out- tion, 20:00; Maine, Hellen, double Goaltenders: Northeastern, Bruce Racine; Maine, Ray East while Northeastern, which Maine, McDonald, double minor for late hit; Northeastern, Roy. Dis Disallowed goal changed tempo BOSTON - There was just 3:24 re- plained McBride. "I didn't feel net is by whether or not somebody (an maining in regulation time when the Northeastern kid completely put opponent) is on top of him. And there University of Maine-Orono's hockey Maine kid into the crease, and the was definitely somebody on top of Bears, having seen a 4-1 lead slip to 4-3, Maine player didn't make an attempt him." got the all-important fifth goal off the to get out of the crease. If he had made "He was tangled up- in there, there stick of right winger Jay Mazur. That an attempt to get out, I would have let was no way he could have gotten out of goal probably would have salvaged the goal stand." there," said Maine tri-captain Rene weekend split of their series against Wensley said he was concentrating Comeault. Northeastern University's Huskies in on the puck and wasn't exactly sure Jim Purcell, who was sitting right Boston. what happened. behind the net with his father after beBut referee Steve McBride overruled "I was going for the puck,
