# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-02-04 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-02-04
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325915260/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325915260

## Paragraphs

There were three new faces at Nanaimo Clippers' Friday morning practice at Frank Crane Arena. None of the players, however, will be in the Clippers' line-up tonight at 8 when they take on Richmond Sockeyes in a B.C. Junior Hockey League contest. Keith Stone, 12, Brett Osborne, 13, and Don Cyrenne, 14, had their names drawn in a Daily Free Press carrier contest, winning a chance to skate with the Clippers. All three boys got to wear a Clipper jersey and participate in the workout under head coach Wayne Bianchin. "It was pretty fun," said Keith, a Grade 7 Forest Park student. "They skate

games remaining, in- in the Coastal Division cluding five at home. They with a 32-6-1 record while meet Richmond four Abbotsford remains in timimes, Cowichan Valley fourth place with 15-25-1. Capitals three times, Bur- Neil Reimer, Richard naby and Langley twice Sloan and Steve Bull had apiece and Abbotsford singles for Langley while Flyers once. Doug McFaul notched a Bianchin, meanwhile, pair and Eric Furland and hopes to hold a press con- Randy Douville had ference next week to an- singles for Abbotsford. nounce that the team is The teams were tied 1-1 seeking new financial after one period of play backing. Gord Rendle of and Abbotsford enjoyed a Victoria owns 75 per cent 4-3 edge after 40 minutes. of the team, while Bian- Capitals 7 Sockeyes 5 chin owns the other 25 per The Capitals, sitting in cent. the Coast Division cellar Bianchin said he would with a 7-32-1 win-loss like to see more local record, surprised the backers in order to keep Sockeyes, holding 3-1 and the team alive and well in 6-3 leads after the first and Nanaimo. middle frames. Meanwhile, Dave Capitals' goals came Gourlie scored twice, in- from Andy Brown, Dave cluding the winner at 6:37 Milan, Command, of sudden-death overtime Dave Robson, Bobby to lead Langley Eagles to Court, Tod LeSergent and a 5-4 BCJHL win over Kal Russell. Abbotsford Flyers Friday David Phipps led Richnight. mond with two goals inIn other games, Cowi- cluding the last goal of the chan Capitals downed game with one second to visiting Richmond go. Sockeyes and Sum- Cowichan's netminder merland Buckaroos doubl- Ed Jones stopped 30 shots ed visiting Merritt while Chris Dixon and Centennials 6-3. Glenn Pencer combined to The Eagles' at-home make 44 saves for Richwin left them in first place mond.
