# Goldsboro News-Argus — 1984-07-22 — p.20

**Publication:** Goldsboro News-Argus
**Date:** 1984-07-22
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Goldsboro, North Carolina
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1155022386/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 1155022386

## Paragraphs

HAVELOCK - The Wayne County 13-year-old Babe Ruth All-Star team bowed out of the East North Carolina State tournament here Saturday losing to 6-0 Pitt County in the finals of the loser's bracket. The Wayne team made its way into the loser's bracket finals with an 8-3 victory over Raleigh earlier in the day. The games had been delayed several days due to the heavy rains in the area. Jeff Smith pitched a three-hitter to lead Wayne in the win over Raleigh. He gave up only three runs and struck out five while walking two. Wayne jumped out to a 2-1 lead in the first two innings against Raleigh but then had to come from behind when Raleigh took the lead at 3-2 in the bottom of the second. Geordie Kelly led off the first inning for Wayne with a walk and gained second on a balk. He scored on a Kenny James single and then Smith plated James with another single. With the score 2-0, Raleigh answered with one run that came home on a Tony Bobbitt double. Raleigh scored another run to make it 2-2 and then went ahead when a Wayne error allowed the third runner to tag home. Dalton Davis slapped a single to score Dave Vinson in the fourth to tie the score at 3-3 for Wayne. Then in the fifth Wayne went ahead for good. Danny Miller singled and James followed with a walk. Smith then lined a double to plate both of the runs for a 5-3 Wayne lead. Three more Wayne runs scored in the sixth. Mike Odom and Kelly walked and Odom raced home on an error. Kelly scored on a groundout by James and Miller plated the last run on another error. James, Smith and Davis led Wayne with two hits each while Miller and Bob Grant each collected one. In the second game, Wayne never was able to generate any offense. The local team hit the ball hard but it was right back to a defensive player. Pitt scored three runs in the first inning on three hits and three walks. Two more runs crossed in the second on a wild pitch and two singles. Pitt added its last run in the fifth on an error and a single: Odom was the losing pitcher giving up six runs on seven hits. He walked two and struck out four. Odom, Kelly, Smith, Scott Herring, Davis Whitfield and Buzz Jones each had hits for Wayne.
