# The Bangor Daily News — 1984-11-10 — p.10

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1984-11-10
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/664885648/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 664885648

## Paragraphs

Bears broke the game open with three power goals during a span of just 1:46., *That was the turning point," said Drover. Maine received a two-man advantage for 1:23 when Mount Allison defensemen Reima Kaija (holding) and Lance Hayward (interference) went off just 37 seconds apart. Wensley scored just seven seconds. into the two-man advantage when he was given a nice pass in the middle of the slot by Nonis and fired a low drive past McLaughlin. That ended the first penalty, but Wahlin got another 44 seconds later when he wheeled out from the left wing boards and let a soft wrist shot go through a screen set by Mann. The puck went between McLaughlin's pads. "With Kevin tying up one of their defensemen all night on the power play, that gave us a four-on-three which is easier to score on (than a fiveon-four)," said Wahlin. "Kevin did all the dirty work in front for us,' praised Wensley. Just 1:02 later, a Wensley blast from the point was stopped by McLaughlin but Wahlin, standing at the corner of the net, slid the rebound home. Maine outshot Mount Allison 39-24. Jean Lacoste made 21 saves for the Bears with McLaughlin and Eric Setchell combining for 31 for Mount Allison. The two teams will meet in Lewiston's Central Maine Youth Center on Saturday night at 7:30. Maine 3 3-8 Mount Allison 201-3 First period - 1. Mount Allison, Tombolini 1 (Garnhum, Farwell), 10:11; 2. Maine, Jacques 2 (Hellen, Drevitch), 15:06; 3. Mount Allison, Farwell 2 (Garnhum, Nesbitt), 16:51; 4. Maine, Wensley 2 (Mann), 18:45. Penalties Maine, Czenczek, hooking, 1:38; Maine, Hellen, holding, 8:37; Mount Allison, Neuman, interference, 12:16; Mount Allison, Kaija, hooking, 13:31. Second period - 5. Maine, Wensley 3 (Nonis, Mann), 14:42; 6. Maine, Wahlin 6 (Hellen, Nonis), 15:26; 7. Maine, Wahlin 7 (Mann, Wensley), 16:28. Penalties - Mount Allison, Veinot, hooking, 7: 13; Mount Allison, Kaija, holding, 13:58; Mount Allison, Hayward, interference, 14:35; Mount Allison, Jones, high-sticking, 15:47. Third period - 8. Maine, Hernon 1 (Mazur, Studnicka), 5:58; 9. Maine, Wensley 4 (Nonis, Mann), 7:28; 10. Mount Allison, Farwell 3 (Nesbitt, Garnhum), 10:17; 11. Maine, Smith 1 (Lelievre, Wensley), 18:39. Penalties - Mount Allison, MacDonald, high-sticking, 7:03; Maine, Studnicka, cross-checking, 10:37; Maine, Hellen, interference, 11:59; Maine, Studnicka, hooking, 15:06; Mount Allison, Kaine, roughing, 15:06; Mount Allison, Kaija, holding, 16:27; Maine, Jacques, slashing, 18:10; Mount Allison, Neuman, slashing, 18:10. Shots on goal: : Maine 17-10-12- 39; Mount Allison 7-5-12- 24. Goaltenders - Maine, Jean Lacoste; Mount Allison, Pat McLaughlin and Eric Setchell. Attendance - 3460.

On the Ice By Larry Mahoney The University of MaineOrono's hockey recruiting ( effort has been aided by an article that appeared in the The Hockey News magazine. The article, written by Tom Burke, told about Maine Coach Shawn Walsh's call to Michigan State University head coach Ron Mason, his former boss, to thank him following Walsh's first collegiate victory, a 2-1 Homecoming win over Providence. It told about the game, the program, and the contributions made by the freshmen. It also talked about the "fine defensive hockey" Maine had been playing, the fact Maine goalie Ray Roy has made a big difference, and that Walsh is the first western coach to come to the Atlantic coast. "It's a great recruiting tool," said Walsh. "It has already had an impact. Every time I've made a phone call to our recruits in Canada, they've all mentioned reading it.' "The Hockey News is really big up in Canada," said freshman defenseman Stan Czenczek of Surrey, British Columbia. "It's the biggest magazine in Canada. I started reading it when I was 9 or 10 years old. It's going to help recruiting a lot, especially in Canada, because the recruits will notice that freshmen are playing regularly." Walsh said he doesn't believe in over-recruiting, which means freshmen will be given every opportunity to make immediate contributions. Czenczek later told Walsh that "every Canadian player's dream is to be featured on the cover of The Hockey News." "Just about every ( Canadian family subscribes to The Hockey News," observed senior defenseman Rene Comeault of Dominion City, Manitoba. "The least it (the story) will do is let kids know Maine has a hockey team." Comeault said 'he didn't know Maine had a hockey team until the latter stages of his high school career. "I didn't know Maine had a hockey team until last year," agreed freshman defenseman Dave Nonis of Burnaby, British Columbia. "It's good for the program to get exposure like this. Nonis and Comeault said it gives potential scholarship players some background information on the hockey program, which will help them when they're deciding upon schools. The Hockey News is also widely read in the U.S. according to Minnesota natives Bruce Hegland and Jeff Kloewer. Maine goalie Ray Roy will be making his second collegiate start in Lewiston's Central Maine Youth Center Saturday night when he starts against Mount Allison of Sackville, New Brunswick. It will be a familiar surrounding for Roy, who starred at St. Dominic's High School in Lewiston. He earned the Maine Interscholastic Hockey League's Most Valuable Player award during his senior year as he posted a 2.86 goalsagainst average. As a UMO freshman, Roy
