# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-12-10 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-12-10
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323781738/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 323781738

## Paragraphs

assistant coach with New Westminster Bruins, says the second place Eagles are looking to strengthen their line-up. "We're in second spot so we can't stand pat," said Olver, who guided Langley to the BCJHL title last year. The Clippers, outshot 41-34 by the Eagles, take on Sidney Capitals in o'clock tilt Tuesday night at- Frank Crane Arena. Nanaimo is 4-0 against the Caps this season. COASTAL DIVISION TEAM Burnaby Bluehawks Langley Eagles Richmond Sockeyes NANAIMO CLIPPERS Abbotsford Flyers 11 Sidney Capitals 19 10 The Clippers had their eight-game home-ice win streak snapped at eight games Saturday night, Richmond Sockeyes taking an exciting 10-9 victory before 450 fans at Frank Crane Arena. Keith Street found the Clipper defence right up his alley as he counted four goals, including the winner with just 47 seconds left. Former Clipper Brian Silverson, Jeff Crossley, Ben Biagioni, Dave Holmes, Andy Wolfe and Nanaimo product Don Rintala contributed singles for the Sockeyes. Poulin notched a hat-trick for the Clippers (he now has 34 goals on the season), while Brisco with two, Bill Hardy, Rick Hunt, Rob Schmidt and Jay Barner with singles rounded out Nanaimo's scoring. Barner scored from a scramble at
