# Langley Advance — 1984-01-04 — p.13

**Publication:** Langley Advance
**Date:** 1984-01-04
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Langley, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536655385/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536655385

## Paragraphs

assisted by Earl Graham and Dave Gourlie. The Eagles were successful* twice in the second period. Mike Browne and Pat Barnes were credited with the goals. Division scoring leader Joe West and Oscar Pozzolo, another of the Eagles' four players among the top ten scorers in the Coastal Division, were awarded assists on Browne's goal and Pozzolo also helped out with Barnes' strike. Pozzolo, back in the line-up after sitting out with an injury before Christmas, now has 48 points in the scoring race. West has 73, with 22 goals and 51 assists. Lorne Gavinchuk scored the lone goal of the third period. Assistance came from Rod Ware who is only one point back of Pozzolo in the individual point standings, With 51 points in 30 games, the Langley Eagles stand head and shoulders above the rest of the teams in their division. Richmond Sockeyes have 39 points, followed by the Nanaimo Clippers, the Abbotsford Flyers, the Burnaby Bluehawks, and the Cowichan Capitals, respectively. Langley's next two outings will be with the Sockeyes: in Richmond on Tuesday, Jan, 3rd (after press time), and back at the Civic Centre on Friday, Jan. 6th, at 8 p.m.

WINNING STYLE of Eagles goaltender Scott first in the BCJHL Coastal Division, stomped the Bradley stood his team in good stead. The Eagles, second place Richmond Sockeyes 4-0.

Langley's Eagles clearly outmuscled the Richmond Sockeyes on Friday evening at the Civic Centre. Though the visitors outshot the local BCJHL squad, superb goaltending by Scott Bradley helped the Eagles chalk up a four-goal shut-out and increase its strong lead. in the BC Junior Hockey League's Coastal Division. The Eagles were particularly keen on making a good showing against the Sockeyes because the last two meetings between the two clubs had resulted in a tie and an overtime victory for. Richmond, the division's second place team (now 12 points off the Eagles' pace with more than
