# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-09-22 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-09-22
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325895863/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325895863

## Paragraphs

, guess. "We're alright. This doesn't bother me at all. It's much better to get blown out in your first game than at the end of the year," he said. By far the most effective unit on the ice was Coroy between Poulin and Dale Brisco. Coroy was the Clippers leading scorer in 1983-84, while Brisco is just down from the Cougars. Poulin scored 32 goals with the now defunct Nanaimo Islanders two years ago, and played with the New Westminster Bruins last season. Poulin, Chatlain and Cayford each socred pretty goals by deking the Capitals goalies to the ice. Poulin felt "pretty good. I'm a little out of shape." He only joined Nanaimo late this week. HAPPY HARDING Overall, Harding was happy with the way the Clippers handled the puck. "Our play in our end, , we have a lot to work on. But as far as going into their end, we did as promised. The only thing I was disappointed in was the amount of penalties we took. There's not much excuse for five or six of the penalties we took, " he said. Harding lost 16-year-old goalie Frank k Furlan when the Victoria Cougars called him back up. Donning the pads in a reserve role for the Clippers was Daryl Dickens, who played juvenile in Comox last year. Harding is expected to give several youngsters a shot against UBC, including Nanaimo minor hockey products Bob Foglietta and Gord Hart. BLUE LINES - Poulin was named first star by CKEG sports director Gary Castello, with Cayford second and Coroy third . Jack Foglietta, father of Bob and ex-Clipper Nick, won the 50-50 draw of $82.50 . Nanaimo doesn't play again at home until Saturday, Oct. 6, when they host Richmond Sockeyes. The Clippers are in Merritt, Penticton and Summerland next

Nanaimo's Jim Young blocked 23 shots to lead Vernon Lakers to an easy 8-2 decision ove visiting Revelstoke Rangers in B.C. Junior Hockey League action Friday night. Greg Guest led the Lakers with two goals, while Kyle Johnson added one and drew three assists. In Langley, former Nanaimo Clipper Brian Silverson scored the winning goal late in the third period to give Richmond Sockeyes a 4-3 victory over the Eagles. Henry Reimer, Jeff Grosley and Mike Scardina also tallied for the Sockeyes, while Rod Ware with two and Derrick Ruppel replied for Langley. In Penticton, Dave Shields and Ian Kidd each fired two goals to lead the Knights to a 11-3 win over Summerland Buckaroos.
