# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-02-10 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-02-10
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325919849/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325919849

## Paragraphs

and I'll be coaching in the NHL. I know I'm a better coach than some guys coaching in the NHL now The Cougars face the toughest part of their schedule over the next two months, playing 17 games on the road and just five at home. "That would be a long 25 games for whoever coaches the team," said McNabb. The Cougars have lost four straight games, including an 8-5 defeat at the hands of lowly Kelowna Wings Tuesday night. ICE CHIPS: Steve Tuttle of Richmond Sockeyes, who had six points in his club's 9-7 win over the Clippers last Saturday, was named the Pic a Pop Player for last week. Schluter of Penticton Knights was the Interior Division's top player. There is quite a Nanaimo flavor to the league's goaltender's union these days. Jim Young, who played minor hockey in Nanaimo, boasts average in the Interior with Vernon Lakers, while ex-Nanaimo Islander Ralph Bechtold is Salmon Arm Totems'. top netminder. Besides Trousdell and Stacey Nickel of the Clippers, ex-Clipper Al Loring minds the net for Abbotsford Flyers - Bianchin was slated to meet with McColl in Victoria today. Bianchin expects McColl to ask for winger Kent Lewis, but Bianchin isn't sure Lewis wants to go to the Cougars. Bianchin said he would turn down any offer to coach the 'Cats.

- goal lead heading, into the final period and for a 6-4 loss to the improving Bluehawks in Burnaby Thursday night. The local B.C. Junior Hockey League team outshot the home team 45-31 but couldn't score when it had to. Nanaimo led 4-3 after the second frame but was behind 2-1 after the opening stanza. Clippers' scoring came from Al Johnston with his 17th, Alton Davis with fifth, Jamie Cayford with sixth his seventh and Bill Hardy with his 11th. The loss stymies Nanaimo in its bid to finish at least second. The locals battle Richmond Sockeyes for that spot at Frank Crane Arena Saturday night. Bryan Deley blocked 41 shots in the Burnaby goal while Ken Trousdell stopped 25 for Nanaimo. In Merritt, Salmon Arm led 4-0 at the end of the first period and 7-3 by the end of the period to beat the Centennials 12-8. Rob Klenk scored three goals to pace the winners, and brother Jim added a pair. Mike Robertson and Henry Reimer also scored two goals each. Camille Simard, Paul Tory and Rick Munro added singles. John Tent scored three goals for Merritt and Brent Demerais added a pair. Jim Townley and Kevin Cheveldave had the others. Glen Ferguson stopped 52 shots in the Salmon Arm goal while Ray
