# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-01-23 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-01-23
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325709571/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 325709571

## Paragraphs

heavy the penalty box drew the Clippers even with just over three minutes remaining in regulation time. Pederson and Dale Brisco broke out of the Nanaimo zone on a two-on-one break and Pederson finished off a perfect tictac-toe passing play for the score. "That was one of the best games in the world for the fans, but from our standpoint, we knew they were an improved hockey club, but we slowed down in the third period," said Bianchin. Mike O'Brien with a pair of goals, James Burnette, Ron Popoff and Rick Dietrich beat Nanaimo goalie Ken Trousdell, while Coroy with two goals, Stan Czenczek and Len Evans on a third period powerplay counted for Clippers. Coroy was dangerous in the Burnaby zone all evening and could have had his 36th goal of the season of overtime, but shot just wide of the net after a setup by Pederson. Trousdell's best save of the game came in the extra period when he made a great leg save Dave Nonis from point-blank range. "We had a bad second period and they capitalized on their

chances," said Burnaby's fiery coach Muzz McPherson. "We capitalized on our chances in the third period and I think it was fitting it was a tie.' DUGGAN HELPS Both McPherson and Bianchin agreed that Duggan, a 100-point scorer, last with season, Portland was a Winter dominant force Saturday night. "We're an improved hockey club, but we're not to where I would like us to be,' said McPherson. "Obviously we're a little stronger defensively with Brad Duggan . . . I don't think he came off the ice in overtime." "Duggan's like the quarterback back there, said Bianchin. Burnaby took nine of just 13 minor penalties called in the freewheeling and exciting contest, Coroy taking the only major penalty, that coming after his stick caught Glen Engevik in the face as he tried to hook the Bluehawk from behind late in the third period. The Bluehawks perhaps pressed a little too hard for another goal on the powerplay, enabling Brisco and Pederson to skate in and beat Burnaby goalie Bryan Deley. Pederson joined Coroy, Czenczek and defenceman Rod Sum-
