# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-01-04 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-01-04
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325708565/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325708565

## Paragraphs

9 3 David Phipps scored 44 seconds into overtime to lift the Richmond Sockeyes to a 5-4 win over Langley Eagles. The Sockeyes now trail the firstplace Eagles by 10 points in the Coastal Division. Interior Division-leading Penticton Knights loafed to a 6-4 decision over the last-place Merritt Centennials in the other B.C. Junior Hockey League game played Tuesday night. In Penticton, the Knights got a pair of goals from Murray Winnicky and one goal and two assists from league scoring leader Brett -Hull. They lead Vernon Lakers by six points. Tony Savarin, Aaron Scott and Rod Schluter rounded out the scoring for the Knights, who took 49 shots at Merritt goalie Gerald Forbes. Ian Clark faced 22 shots on the Penticton net. Kevin Thorlakson scored twice for the Centennials, now 3-31 on the season. In Richmond, Brooke Odenvald scored twice for

For Jim Gunn and Jeff James, tonight's game at Frank Crane Arena against the Victoria Cougars of the Western Hockey League is much more than just an exhibition contest. The two recent additions to Nanaimo Clippers are out to play as hard as they can and show the team were let go by that they both belong. Gunn, year old defenceman, played some games with the Cougars before being sent down the local BCJHL squad to as he said "get more experience." James, an 18 year old centre, played 1½ seasons with Richmond Sockeyes before asking for his release because he felt he wasn't getting enough playing time. In September, he attended the Victoria camp as a rookie. "I'm glad to be here and think this team (Clippers) has a good chance to take B.C. title,' explained the 6'1" Gunn. "I'm impressed with the rest of the players and the calibre of the management." He intends to do as well as he can in order to have another shot
