# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-12-17 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-12-17
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323793827/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 323793827

## Paragraphs

FEBRUARY 1-Burnaby Bluehawks dumped Nanaimo Clippers 64 at Kensington Arena, Rod Jamieson, Len Evans, Gord -Simpson and Ken Clement scoring for the Clippers. 2-NDSS Islander girls fell 47-40 in high school basketball play at NDSS, Michelle Hughes notching eight points for the losers. -Al Sutherland's rink split their first two games at the Pacific Coast Curling Association's men's championship at Arbutus Winter Club in Vancouver. 4-Nanaimo Clippers bowed 9-7 to visiting Richmond Sockeyes and then were forced into skating session by coach Wayne Blanchin, who said the practice was held "for the guys to get their frustrations out."

Pederson getting two goals for the losers. 19-Warren Cronan | got the winning goal as Nanaimo United shaded Prospect Lake 2-1 in premier division soccer play at Caledonia Park. 21-Steve Tuttle produced three goals as Richmond Sockeyes handed Nanaimo Clippers an 8-3 BCJHL loss in Richmond, Kent Lewis, Jamie Cayford and Dale Brisco scoring for the Clippers. 2-Fred Marshall pumped in 26 points to lead Nanaimo Keg to an 86-60 senior B men's basketball victory over Chemainus. 13-Dale Brisco, on loan by the Clip-* pers to New Westminster Bruins, scored once as the Bruins beat Victoria Cougars 5-3 in WHL, play in New Westminster. 24-Brian Lennox exploded for 22

leads the Clippers with 42 assists. Michalenko, 20, has been brilliant defensively for Nanaimo, but has also helped offensively with three goals and 18 points. He missed almost a month of action with a badly swollen knee. First place Burnaby Bluehawks placed five players on the Coastal Division side, blueliners Tim Ziola and Darren Zinger joining snipers Bob Ginnetti, Paul Bifano and Ken Jorgenson. Peter Gill and Brian Bullinger of Richmond Sockeyes and Bryant Perrier of Langley Eagles were the other

Winter. Carnival Hockey Tournament title with an 8-7 win over Trail. Nanaimo had lost 10-1 to Kamloops in their first game. 10-Nanaimo Pee Wee A Clippers improved their Vernon tournament record to 2-1 by downing Fort Saskatchewan Nickel Kings 3-2, Gerry St. Cyr scoring the winning tally. 11-Len Evans and Bill Hardy each fired two goals to lead the Clippers to a 95 BCJHL victory over visiting Richmond Sockeyes.. 19-Cowichan used a crafty kicking game to knock off Nanaimo Hornets 18-12 in VIRU first division play at May Bennett-Pioneer Park. 13-Derek Heyes scored six times to lead Dubyna Steel to a 15-4 whipping of Elks in Pee Wee House League hockey, play at Civic Arena.
