# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-09-21 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-09-21
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325894131/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325894131

## Paragraphs

can do the job or else Harding will have to bring in an experienced goalie. Rod Summers and Jamie Cayford join newcomer Al Chatlain on what should be a dependable blueline corps. Brisco and Mitch Poulin will, get Up front, a Carey Coroy, Dale loads of ice time and should lead the team in- scoring. Gord Simpson should have a superb season playing with wingers Ron Sparks and Kevin Thorlakson. In Abbotsford, the Flyers will have 15 returnees for coach Mike Pritchard to work with. If Mike Shannon and Darren Matias don't stick with Victoria Cougars, the Flyers could challenge Langley and Nanaimo for first place in the Coastal Division. Richmond Sockeyes, with Wayne Tullock as coach, lost starry Steve

in exhibition games. Vernon Lakers have just four players back from last year as Mike Enemark enters his second season as coach. The Lakers signed 15-year-old stars Dennis Holland, a centre, and Glen Mitchell, a goalie. Holland is the younger brother of Ken, a former Vernon and Medicine Hat junior now in Detroit's farm system. BC/ALL Summerland Buckaroos will be in somewhat of a rebuilding year under coach Wayne Naka, Revelstoke Rangers, who bombed Salmon Art Totems 9-2 in preseason play, are well organized this year under coach Murray Lawrence and Merritt Centennials have a little hope under new coach Chuck Tapp, let go by Vernon early last season. PREDICTIONS: COASTAL DIVISION: 1. Nanaimo Clippers, 2. Langley Eagles, 3. Abbotsford Flyers, 4. Richmond Sockeyes, 5. Burnaby Blue Hawks, 6. Sidney Capitals. INTERIOR DIVISION: 1. Penticton Knights, 2. Revelstoke Rangers, 3. Vernon Lakers, 4. Summerland Buckaroos, 5. Merritt Centennials, 6. Salmon Arm Totems.
