# The Bangor Daily News — 1984-11-19 — p.7

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1984-11-19
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/664870416/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 664870416

## Paragraphs

categories. McDougall), gross misconduct, 4:41; Northeastern, Emer- 13:40; 9. Northeastern, Pratt 2 (Isbister, Lori), 16:03; 10. Northeastern son, interference, 5:18; Maine, Jacques, interference, Northeastern, Heinbuck 1 (Lodin), 16:24. - Penalties Maine 0 5:33; Maine, Nonis, late hit, 6:45; Maine, Wensley, hook- Maine, Lelievre, holding, 13:04; Northeastern, Kiley, First period - 1. Maine, Maher 2 (Hegland), 1 3 1:28; 2. ing, 12:58. roughing, 18:59. Northeastern, Isbister 11 (Kinal, Averill), 1:53; 3. Maine, Overtime - 9. Northeastern, D. O'Brien 1 (Heffernan), Shots on goal: : Northeastern 12-6-9- 27; Maine 7-9-4- 20. 5:08. Penalties: Northeastern, Lori, game disqualification Goaltenders: Northeastern, Bruce Racine; Maine, Jean Jacques 4 (Nonis, Czenczek), 16:18. Penalties: Maine, for attempt to injure, 5:08; Northeastern, Madigan, game Lacoste and Ray Roy. Attendance-3806. Disallowed goal changed tempo BOSTON - There was just 3:24 re- plained McBride. "I didn't feel the net is by whether or not somebody (an maining in regulation time when the Northeastern kid completely put opponent) is on top of him. And there University of Maine-Orono's hockey Maine kid into the crease, and the was definitely somebody on top of Bears, having seen a 4-1 lead slip to 4-3, Maine player didn't make an attempt him.' got the all-important fifth goal off the to get out of the crease. If he had made "He was tangled up in there, there stick of right winger Jay Mazur. That an attempt to get out, I would have let was no way he could have gotten out of goal probably would have salvaged a the goal stand." there," said Maine tri-captain Rene weekend split of their series against Wensley said he was concentrating Comeault. Northeastern University's Huskies in on the puck and wasn't exactly sure Jim Purcell, who was sitting right Boston. what happened. behind the net with his father after beBut referee Steve McBride overruled "I was going for the puck, and then I ing one of four players receiving a Mazur's goal because UMO center was in the net," said Wensley. "I'm not game disqualification after the second Dave Wensley was laying in the crease. sure if I collided with the goalie or the period, agreed with his teammates. Just under a minute later, Northeast- net or if I was pushed in. The goal saw the whole thing, it was right in ern tied it, and the Huskies went on to should have stuck, though." front of me," said Purcell. "That • win it in overtime. Northeastern goalie Bruce Racine should have been a goal." John McDonald had made a pass to was also hazy about the exact details. Northeastern defenseman Gerry KiWensley, who shot and was battling for "All I know is I was laying flat on my ley said it was "a great call" by the rebound in front before winding up back with somebody on top of me,' McBride. in the net. said Racine. Maine Coach Shawn Walsh said Mazur slipped in front of the net and McBride's call, which he vehemently pumped the puck over the fallen

Northeastern coach Fern Flaman, Madigan stood in front of Walsh, raising his hands in jubilation. "He was screaming at me and making comments about our team," said Walsh. "I tried to get around him but he stepped in my way again.' "'He was also making obscene gestures," said Maine's Steve Santini. Madigan, who was charged by Maine's Hellen and Mazur, was questioned about the incident by the NEWS but refused to comment. "He (Madigan) instigated the whole thing by taunting the Maine coach," said McBride. "That's why we gave him his game disqualification." The Bears, who played the body very effectively all night long, took a 2-1 first-period lead when Maher, popping in a loose puck, and Jacques, capitalizing on a two-on-one with Dave Nonis, sandwiched a rebound goal by Isbister. Maine made it 4-1 in the second period when Scott Smith's rush and deflected shot resulted in Maher's goal from a scramble in front and Maher and Jacques collaborated on a nifty two-on-one with Maher finishing. However, the Bears got caught in a line change at the end of the period and Heffernan scored on a two-on-one. As the period came to a close, a Northeastern forward bumped into Roy looking for a rebound and Stan Czenczek flattened him. Lori jumped on Czenczek's back "and (without his gloves) began gouging my face and eyes with his That triggered the first brawl.

Maher, cross-checking, 1:41; Northeastern, Heffernan, charging, 2:04; Northeastern, Neary, interference, 7:01; Northeastern, Isbister, high-sticking, 11:20; Northeastern, Pratt, delay of game, 11:20; Maine, Hellen, high sticking, 11:20; Maine, Lelievre, delay of game, 11:20; Northeastern, Heffernan, slashing, 19:15; Maine, McDonald, slashing, 19:15. Second period - 4. Maine, Maher 3 (Jacques, S. Smith), 5:31; 5. Maine, Mahner 4 (Jacques), 12:09; 6. Northeastern, Heffernan 8 (Averill, Pratt), 19:44. Penalties: Maine, Czenczek, hooking, 1:52; Maine, Nonis, tripping, 2:48; Maine, McDonald, hooking, 6:28; Maine, Mann, game disqualification, 20:00; Maine, Purcell, game disqualification, 20:00; Maine, Hellen, double minor for late hit; Maine, McDonald, double minor for late hit; Northeastern, Ridpath, game disqualification, 20:00; Northeastern, Fitzsimmons, game disqualification, 20:00; Northeastern, Lori, double minor for late hit, 20:00; Northeastern, Pratt, double minor for late hit, 20:00. Third period -7. Northeastern, Kiley 1 (Isbister, Pratt), 12:35; 8. Northeastern, Isbister 12 (Pratt, Whitfield), 17:27. Penalties: Northeastern, Kinal, hooking, 1:53; Northeastern, Madigan, high-sticking, 4:41; Maine, Wahlin, highsticking, 4:41; Northeastern, bench minor (served by
