# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-03-24 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-03-24
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325957995/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 325957995

## Paragraphs

ter of intent with University of Alaska-Anchorage for next year, skated a few shifts despite a painful thigh injury. "We already have things in wave to make things even better next year," said Bianchin. "We've done our homework scouting.' In Penticton, Brett Hull added two goals for the Knights, while singles came from Murray Winnicki and Todd Brost. Dale Reimer, Dan Woodley, Shawn' Pettyjohn, Shawn Harrison, Doug Knowler and Brent Howery replied for Summerland. ICE CHIPS: The Clippers lost about $12,000 this season Bianchin feels "there's a good shot at a couple of our guys being drafted" come June. Defenceman Stan Czenczek will surely be one of them. The Clippers' junior B affiliate, Saanich Braves, were bombed 11-1 by Cranbrook Colts in provincial playoff action in Cranbrook Friday night. Pat Cullen the lone goal for Saanich. ExClipper Ken Calder scored once to help Spokane Chiefs to a 5-3 win over Nelson Maple Leafs in Western International League playoff action Friday night.

Penticton and Nanaimo both had a nice mix of old and young players, while Langley and Vernon bolstered their line-up with 20-year-olds. Clipper fans had the pleasure of watching their a club eliminate the stubborn Richmond Sockeyes in a thrilling seventh game in the opening round of the playoffs. With stars like Czenczek and Hardy expected back next year, fans can expect more exciting and winning hockey. One can only hope the BCJHL will choose to restrict the number of 20-year-olds next season. That way, the regular season means something.

The Western Hockey League currently has a rule which allows teams to carry only two overage (20-year-old players) skaters, while the „Alberta Junior Hockey League forces its clubs to carry at least seven 17-year-old products. Richard Sloan and Darrin were the only two 17-year-olds with the Eagles. The Clippers had their share of young talent, Stan Czenczek, Stacey Nickel, Jim Nickason, Brian Silverson, Rod Summers, Bill Hardy and Kent Lewis all starting the season as 17-year-olds. The BCJHL has to get back to being : a developleague where the fans can watch a youngster improve from one year to the next, not see WHL rejects come and go as they choose. It didn't take an expert to predict that Langley and Nanaimo would finish one-two in the Coastal Division, while Penticton and Vernon would do the same in the Interior circuit. All one had to do was check their training camp rosters.
