# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-03-22 — p.13

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-03-22
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325956134/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 325956134

## Paragraphs

West with Swift Current Broncos of the Saskatchewan Junior League last year. "They work really hard, they're really good skaters and they hit hard, " was how Clipper blueliner Stan Czenzcek described the Eagles' top unit. Czenczek logged a lot of ice time and was guilty of giving the puck to West at the Clipper blueline in the middle frame. West cruised in alone on Ken Trousdell and lifted the puck high to give Langley a 5-3 lead. Until that goal, the Clippers were in the game. Rod Jamieson hit the post with Langley goalie Scott Bradley way out of position, while Len Evans just failed to covert a clear two-on-one play into a goal prior to West's winner. "They're a good, big hockey team, said Czenczek of the Eagles, loaded with experienced cedar 20-year-olds. "Everyone here is pretty tired. (Ken Trousdell) is really tired." Trousdell, who looked bad on Remier's fourth goal, a floating wrist shot from just inside the point, was replaced by rookie Stacey Nickel after the second period, one which ended 6-3 in Langley's favor.

ley in their previous two home appearances. Centre Gord Simpson, who leads Nanaimo with 10 playoff goals, had but three shifts before leaving the game with a back injury. Captain Darrel Pederson dressed, but didn't play due to a bruised thigh. "We need Pedy and Simmer We really miss them," said Czenczek. Rod Summers with his first goal of the playoffs, Carey Coroy with his fourth, Alton Davis with his first and Al Johnston with his fourth replied for the Clippers. The Eagles outshot the Clippers 38-32 in a game which was deadlocked at 2-2 after one period. Nanaimo lost their regular season scoring champion Coroy at 15:08 of the second period when he was tossed out after engaging in a wrestling match with Eagles' Darrin Choquette, who had jumped Coroy from behind at the back of the Clipper net. Rod Olver and Rod Ware of the Eagles and Davis were also ejected by referee Dave Dodson late in the game for a minor scuffle. Ware and Pat Barnes rounded out the Langley scoring. Phil Stanger, fifth round draft choice of Quebec Nordiques in 1982, recorded two assists for the Eagles. West, whose theatrics after each Langley goal made him a target of local boo-birds, has
