# Nanaimo Daily News — 1984-12-18 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1984-12-18
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323794974/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 323794974

## Paragraphs

2-1 lead in their best-of-seven dumped Nanaimo Clippers 9-4 to tabes: Division playoff series. 12-Ken Trousdell stopped 33 shots to help Nanaimo Clippers earn a 5-2 win over the host Richmond Sockeyes and square their playolf series at 2-2. 15-Brooke Edenvald washed out Nanaimo Clippers with four goals to belp Richmond Sockeyes to an 8-1 win to take a 3-2 lead in the Coast. Division series. 14-North Delta Husky guard Shannah Biggan potted 20 points as her ninth ranked team upset Cowichan Thunderettes 53-46 in the B.C. Girls High School basketball championships at Malaspina College. Cowichan was going for its third B.C. title in the past five years. 15 Carey Coroy erupted for two goals and two assists as Nanaimo Clippers beat host Richmond Sockeyes 74 to force a seventh and deciding game in their BCJHL Coast Division semifinal playoff series. -Len Evans scored at 7:09 of the second overtime session to give Nanaimo Clippers a 6-5 gin over Rich-

6 -Carey Coroy was Nanaimo Clippers 1983-84 scoring champion with 44 goals and 96 points, in final statistics released by the BCJHL club, which finished second to Langley Eagles in the Coast Division. 7-Brian Burley, who played for Nanaimo Clippers and Cowichan Valley Capitals in the BCJHL, scored four goals to help Spokane Chiefs hammer Elk Valley Blazers 11-0 in a Western International Hockey League game.'. -Steve Knight of Kona Bud's announced Nanaimo would host the 1984 B.C. Windsurfing championships July 14-15 at Piper's Lagoon. -Gord Simpson had two goals to help Nanaimo Clippers edge Richmond Sockeyes 76 in their Coast Division playoff semi-final series opener. - 10-Malaspina Mariners upset heavily favored Cariboo College 40-32 to win the bronze medal at the Totem Conference women's basketball championships at BCIT. Richmond beat the Clippers 4-3 in Nanaimo. 11-202 penalty minutes were handed out by referee Frank Brodeurs as the hometown Richmond Sockeyes
