# The Bangor Daily News — 1984-11-09 — p.14

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1984-11-09
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/664885239/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 664885239

## Paragraphs

By Larry Mahoney Of the NEWS Staff The University o of Maine 2-5 Black Bears would nothing better than to inch closer to the .500 mark, and they'll have that opportunity this weekend when they take young but good Mount Allison University team from Sackville, N.B., in Orono on Friday night and in Lewiston on Saturday evening. Both game times are 7:30: "We'd really like to sweep them," said freshman defenseman Stan Czenczek. "It would bring us closer to .500 and give us some confidence." "I'd like to see us get two wins under our belts to take to Northeastern next weekend," said senior right winger Ray Jacques, referring to the following weekend's Hockey East games in Boston. "A sweep would really help us going into Northeastern," agreed senior defenseman Jeff Kloewer. "Northeastern is a tough place to play." "It would be good to get some momentum going," agreed senior center Pete Maher, who will return to action after missing last weekend's series at Michigan Tech with a severe groin pull. "I thought it would be kind of a break for us this weekend, but it won't be,' said Maine Coach Shawn Walsh. "Jack (Mount Allison coach Jack Drover) has put together a good, strong team. It's going to be interesting to. see how far we've come since the New Brunswick game (a season-opening 6-3 loss). New Brunswick was slightly better than we were that night and Mount Allison beat Now Brunswick (6-3):"* Walsh said it will also give him the opportunity "to try the new specialtyteam units" that have been assembled this week. The Maine power play went just 1- for-16 in last weekend's split at Michigan Tech to lower its success rate to -10.6 percent (5-for-47). Meanwhile, Michigan Tech scored six power-play goals in 15 attempts over the weekend. Maine has allowed nine power -play goals in 38 attempts on the season. The Mounties are 2-2 in the Atlantic Universities Athletic Association, having beaten. St. Mary's (4-2) in addition to New Brunswick. They have lost to St. Thomas 6-1, and, in their most recent game, to unbeaten Moncton 8-1. Drover, in his 11th year at Mount Allison, said he has 17 players 20 years

of age or younger on the team including 12 of the 14 freshmen who wore the Mount Allison colors for the first time last season. *We're more like an American team," said Drover. "We skate well, we move the puck quickly and have a lot of flow in our game. We're a clean hockey team." His Mounties are more balanced than they have been in the past when there was a heavy emphasis on two or three outstanding players. That's not to say Drover doesn't have some standouts. Sophomore center Dean Sypher is the team's leading scorer so far with 4 1-5 in league play, and he is complemented up front by speedy center Kevin Gollan, left winger Mark Farwell (1-4-5), and veteran left winger Andy Nesbitt, who "was our scoring leader with 40 points last year," said Drover. Fifth-year player Lance Hayward heads up the blue line corps along with Brock Neuman (2-2-4) and Finnish defenseman Reima Kaija, who played for the Finnish national student team before coming to Mount Allison, according to Drover. The Mounties have two good fouryear goaltenders in Eric Setchell and Todd Williams and a fine first-year one in Pat McLaughlin. Fetchell has been playing a lot lately, so Drover said he plans to use Williams and McLaughlin this weekend. Drover, whose Mounties went 12-14 and missed the AUAA playoff for the first time in six years last season, said he doesn't know much about the Black Bears. "I saw a period of their game against Minnesota on TV in Fredericton," said Drover. "I expect speedy games and not a lot of foolishness (chippiness). It should be quite entertaining for the fans." Maine's leading scorers are left winger Kevin Mann (1-6-7), Mann's right wing linemate Dewey Wahlin (5- 1-6), and the freshman defense tandem •of Dave Nonis (1-3-4) and Czenczek (0- 3-3). Jean Lacoste (5.17 goals-against average) will start in goal on Friday with Ray Roy (4.48) starting in his hometown on Saturday night. Maine holds a 2-1-1 edge over Mount Allison in the lifetime series, but the teams haven't played since the 1978-79 season.
