# The Bangor Daily News — 1984-10-22 — p.8

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1984-10-22
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/664889771/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 664889771

## Paragraphs

By Larry Mahoney Of the NEWS Staff ORONO - The stereo was blasting but nobody seemed to notice. The University of Maine-Orono's hockey team was basking in jubilation following its dramatic 2-1 win over the visiting Providence College Friars. The Bears, who had lost eight straight games to the Friars, received first Wahlin period and goals Dave from freshmen and DewWensley superb goaltending from junior Ray Roy to notch the victory in their first -ever Homecoming game at the Alfond Arena Saturday night. "There's nothing better than this," said tri captain Kevin Mann, grinning from ear to ear. "It shows that defense wins games. "It feels great," said a tired Roy, who made 35 saves including a spectacular pad stop on Artie Yeomelakis with a minute and a half remaining which prevented the two teams from playing their third consecutive overtime game at the Alfond. "The guys helped out a lot," added Roy. "They were clearing guys (Providence players) out in front of me all night long so I was always able to see the loose the puck." However, the talented Friars did stopped generate some great scoring chances 35 Photo by and Yeomelakis's opportunity with 1:30 left was set up nicely by center Tim Army, who was easily Provihit of dence's goalie best Chris player, Terreri. with down the the exception left Army came racing is fine with wing and Yeomelakis was unguarded as he sped down the right wing. Army slid pass right onto Yeomelakis's Hamlin. out of the stick, but Roy flashed "And out his left pad and 1 made the crucial stop. "I got caught on the short side and noticea- was struggling to get back (in position)," said Roy. "I saw him (Army) flip his wrist so I made a desperate front of a move and he (Yeomelakis) shot it into life," said me. He hesitated a little. If he had shot defenseman it immediately, he would have scored." great." "Ray came up with some game-savers," said Maine tri-captain Rene Coyou up a meault. "'He played very well." defense "He played an excellent game," Czenczek. agreed Friar goalie Terreri. Roy had at least a half-dozen superb smiled saves in the game including two great Wahlin. ones at the expense of Army, who saw front of big Roy flash out his right pad to thwart his side of the breakaway and hug the short side to fans. I like absorb his backhander from pointyou." blank range. Providence goalie Terreri was equalthem a big ly brilliant and prevented the Bears Providence from blowing the game in the "This third period by stopping 30-foot blasts to play if off the sticks of Mann and Wahlin; ruining the duo's two-on-one, and deflecting

Ron Hellen's 10-foot backhander. Terreri was awarded the game's first star, making 28 saves, with Roy earning second star status and Bear defenseman Stan Czenczek, who set up both goals, collecting third star honors. Just 2:24 into the game, Czenczek skated into the Providence zone along the right wing boards and flipped a pass over to Wahlin, who chipped it over the glove shoulder of Terreri. "It was a fluke goal because his (Czenczek's) pass went between the legs of Steve Rooney and the landed right on the other guy's (Wahlin's) stick," said Terreri. "'The guy (Wahlin) was tied up on the play, but he redirected it in." Just over eight minutes later, Wensley scored a shorthanded goal which was set up by Czenczek and Kevin Mann. Mann got the puck to Czenczek, who brought it into the Providence zone before slipping it to Wensley.in the slot. Wensley fired a 25-footer into the far corner past Terreri's stick. "This rink is a lot wider than our rink at I was off my angle for the entire first period," said Terreri. "But you've got to give him (Wensley) credit, he picked the corner.' "Those first 10 minutes won it for them," said Providence Coach Steve Stirling. "Those first two goals were the only ones they needed.' Providence got its only goal in the second period on a a a a a a power play when Shawn Whitham's pass from the point was directed by John DeVoe to Steve Rooney, who tapped it under Roy. The 1-2 Bears, considerably smaller than the Friars, played the body very effectively throughout the game and stuck tenaciously to their disciplined defense-oriented system. "They were more disciplined and much more consistent than they were last year," noted Terreri, whose Friars scored on just one of its five power-play opportunities in the game and didn't score with a 1:02 two-man advantage. Maine Providence 0-1 First period - 1. Maine, Wahlin 1 (Czenczek), 2:24; 2. Maine, Wensley 1 (Czenczek, Nonis), 10:56: Penalties Maine, Purcell, hooking, :12; Maine, Jacques, tripping, 3:13; Providence, Wurst, roughing, 3:13; Providence, Taglianetti, cross checking, 4:24; Providence, Till, crosschecking, 9:34; Maine, Maher, high-sticking, 9:34; Maine, McDonald, charging, 10:38; Maine, Maher, hooking, 18:36. Maine, Lelievre, roughing, 19:34. Second period 3. Providence, Rooney 2 (Devoe, Whitham1. 6:56 Penalties - Hegland, hitting from behind, 6:11; Providence, Taglianetti, holding, 13:53; Providence, 18:10; Taglianetti, tripping and unsportsmanlike conduct, Providence, Taglianetti, 10-minute misconduct, 20:00. Third period - No scoring. Penalties - - - - - - - - - - Maine, S. Smith: roughing, 15:38; Providence, Catterall, roughing, 15:38:, Providence, Yeomelakis, roughing, 18:53; Maine, Wens ley, roughing, 18:53. Shots on goal Maine 7-9-14-30; Providence 13-10-13 36. Goaltenders Mainer Ray Roy: Providence, Chris Terreri, Affendance - 3,130.
