# The Sunday News — 1985-01-27 — p.34

**Publication:** The Sunday News
**Date:** 1985-01-27
**Page:** 34
**Location:** Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/560906942/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 560906942

## Paragraphs

important to have a team effort. He singled out Bob Murray, John Grisdale and Gregg Boddy as being the best of the Canucks on the night. The Firefighters were understandably pleased with their showing after the game. "Our finish was better than what we normally do," said the Fighters' coach in the dressing room during a brief post-game celebration. He said the team was pretty scrambly in its own end at times, blaming that on the fact they play full contact hockey in the Delta Sr. Men's League. And felt the game was a good tune up for the Western Canada Fighfighters tournament. One line in particular (Bruce Debbitt, Perry Schnarr and Doug Bannon) played extremely well for the younger squad picking up 11 points including five goals. Schnarr, who the coach said may someday be back with an NHL team after being a former draft pick of Washington, scored twice and looked to be the best of a determined team. Catching the Canucks flat-footed, the Firefighters opned up a 4-1 lead after 20 minutes.. A scrambly second period was highlighted by a Canuck resurgance, as Gregg Boddy set up Orland Kurtenbach mid-way through the period to pull the Canucks to within one. After Brolmley stopped a breakway attempt halfway through the final period when the score was 6-5, the Delta league crew broke the game wide open en-route to their 9-6 victory.

NHLers such as Orland Kurtenbach, Rick Blight and Gregg Boddy in their lineup, were bounced 9-6 by the Vancouver Firefighters in an exhibition game which featured some tremendous individual efforts. In fact when the Canucks started to put things together they too showed they still had some of the magic left in those worn out old frames. "It was a very enjoyable game," said Canucks' mentor Larry Cahan. "They've got a good team and you have to give them credit." While the Canucks knew the Firefighters had a good team Cahan was further impressed after the game, praising them for playing their positions, as well as skating and passing which he said was "excellent." Which player impressed the expros most? "Numbers one through 30," quipped Blight. Cahan said a lot of kids expect them to win all the time, but even Edmonton Oilers need a good lesson once in a while. He added, "Don't forget we're spotting them 25 years in a lot of positions." The coach said he was pleased the team never "gave up" and said it was
