# Morning Sentinel — 1985-02-09 — p.14

**Publication:** Morning Sentinel
**Date:** 1985-02-09
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Waterville, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/855651928/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 855651928

## Paragraphs

1 M--Hellen, Drevitch7:11 2L-Shumski, Burns- Foley 10:57 Penalties: None. Second Period 3 L -Morris. Schumski-Valimont 8:04 M- Czenczek, unassisted 14:57 5 L -Newhouse. O'Neill-Opre 15:34 Penalties: M McDonaid, hitting from behind 0:29; L McCarroll, interference 4:31; M Hellen, hitting from behind 11:02: L Foley, roughing 17:20. Third Period 4 L-Morris. Heinze- Burns 7:05 7 M- Jacques. Hellen-Kloewer 10:14 Penalties: L. McCarroll, roughing 1:24; M Hellen, roughing 1:24: M Wensley, hookling 2:59; M Wahlin, roughing 6:36: L O'Neill, roughing 11:00: L Weibolt, holding 18:38. Shots on goal: Lowell Maine 14-34 14 1 Goalie saves: L-Demole 13-31 M-Roy 13 3-23

Hockey Lowell 4, Maine 3 ORONO (AP) - Jon Morris's second goal of the game with 13 minutes remaining gave the University of Lowell a 4-3 victory over the University of Maine in Hockey-East action Friday night. Morris's goal was one of only four shots in the third period by the he Chiefs, who raised their Ho record to 9-19, 12-20 overall. Maine falls to 9-23-1 overall, ! 5- 22 in Hockey-East. John Shumski and Jim Newhouse also scored for the Chiefs. Dana DeMole stopped 31 shots in goal for Lowell. Ron Hellen, Stan Czenczek and Ray Jacques scored for the Black Bears. Ray Roy posted 23 saves in goal for Maine. D Baseball Red Sox sign Gedman BOSTON (AP) - Catcher Rich Gedman, who has been asking for $550,000 in arbitration after his best season last year, agreed to terms Friday on a one-year contract with the Boston Red Sox, the American League team announced. Gedman, 25, signed before a schedule arbitration hearing Saturday in New York City. The Red Sox reportedly had offered him $350,000. Terms of the agreement were not announced. Gedman hit .269 in 133 games last seasob, slamming 24 home runs and driving in 72 runs. His homer total was the second best by a Red Sox catcher. The lefthanded hitter led American League catchers in average and estrsa-base hits and was s second to Lance Parrish of Detroit in home runs and runs batted in.
