# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-02-13 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-02-13
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325352024/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325352024

## Paragraphs

was given a gross misconduct during the same melee. Abbotsford managed four powerplay goals as they moved to within one point of third place Richmond Sockeyes. The Flyers have two games in hand on the Sockeyes. The Clippers are now 6-16 on the road, but if you don't count three wins in Sidney and one in Salmon Arm, they've only beaten Merritt and Richmond away from Home. Nanaimo will take on Merritt and Burnaby in a pair of home games this weekend. Meanwhile, Ian Kidd. set a new BCJHL record Tuesday night, scoring once and drawing three assists in Penticton Knights' 10-2 thumping of Summerland Buckaross. Kidd now has 107 points (30 goals) in 45 games, breaking the old singleseason points record by a defenceman of 106, set by Abbotsford's Craig Redmond in the 1981-82 season. Redmond is now with Los Angeles Kings of the NHL. Kidd is 20-year-old Portland product who plans to play hockey at' the American collegiate level next year. has several U.S. schools to choose from. Joe Murphy and Murray Winnicki each scored twice for Penticton, who held period leads of 4-0 and 5-2. The win was the Kinghts* 41st in 45 games.

COASTAL DIVISION Team W L T Pts Burnaby Bluehawks 33 8 1 67 Langley Flyers 28 16 0 56 Richmond Sockeyes 23 18 2 48 Abbotsford Flyers 23 17 1 47 Nanaimo Clippers 19 23 0 38 Sidney Capitals 8 36 17
