# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-10-19 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-10-19
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325744025/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 325744025

## Paragraphs

imate shot at grabbing Czenczek, feels Civic Arena would be perfect for the White Rock product's style of play. They definitely missed Czenczek tonight," he said. "He's a big part of their hockey club. He can operate well here. This arena is conducive to his style." ICE CHIPS: Nanaimo goalie Chris Fairlie, who hurt his knee in Friday morning's practice, reinjured the knee in the pre game warm-up. Joel Kiers then dressed as back-up...Ron Popoff scored four goals as the Sockeyes defeated Langley Eagles 9-5, while Salmon Arm Blazers doubled Sidney Capitals 6-3 in other league games Friday night…..Pat Austin added two

made a lot of mistakes. in the first period, if I was a goalie, I would have sued for support. After we regrouped in between the first and second period, we played a pretty good game. GETS THREE Todd Jennings paced the Clippers with three goals and an assist, while Kent Lewis pumped in two goals and the same number of assists and Corky Parkes fashioned a goal and three helpers. Jamie Cayford and Brian deLeeuw each produced a goal and two assists for the Shipmen, who take on Sidney Capitals, 6-1 losers to Salmon Arm Blazers Friday night, Tuesday night at Civic Arena. Ron Bhala had Nanaimo's other tally, while for the Falcons it was Tim Wozney and Rich Dusevie each getting pair. Darryl Reiger, Bruce Robinson with his eighth of the season, Jeff Thachuk and Robe. Steele contributed singles for Abbotsford. The Falcons clicked for three powerplay markers to make things interesting in the final period. Nanaimo had broke the game wide open in the opening 20 minutes by counting three goals in 98 seconds to move ahead 4-0. Starter Paul Bean and Darcy D'Amours split the Falcon netminding, while Kelly Meredith went the distance for the Clippers. Abbotsford' outshot Nanaimo 38-35 before 400 fans. The Falcons sadly missed the playmaking skills of star blueliner Stan Czenczek, one of four regulars on the injury list. "Stan should be ready in another week's time, said Lawrence. "He's got a very serious hamstring." The Clippers, Delta and first place Richmond Sockeyes have all expressed interest in trading for Czenczek, a former Clipper who played at Maine University on a scholarship last year. *There are three teams interested in Stan," said Lawrence. "We're like Nanaimo. We need some defenceman. Tonight we had two guys (Troy Kaye and Steele) who normally play forward playing defence. Dutka, who says he'll know by Monday if the Clippers have a legit-
