# The Vancouver Sun — 1985-02-28 — p.19

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1985-02-28
**Page:** 19
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494657411/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 494657411

## Paragraphs

.. Penticton Knights, with a proven record of "'The advantage I find; you get a 17 or producing good players for university, 18 year old like Bruce Major. (Major, curmay have a half-dozen National Hockey rently playing for Richmond Sockeyes of League scouts and as many scouts from the BCJHL, has signed a letter of intent to the college ranks. play for Maine next fall.) He's 17 and he's What's so good about B.C. hockey play- playing against people age 20 and under. ers? He's already used to playing against playPart of the reason is that BCJHL teams ers older than him. It compares favorably understand the attraction of a scholarship against U.S. high school hockey, where when they do their own recruiting. everybody is the same age or younger "It was something that worked well for than the boys you recruit. us from the start," Knights' marketing "*A boy who's playing in Western Candirector Ron Taylor explained. "And once ada and B.C. appreciates a lot of the things we got it in motion, it became the right that U.S. players take for granted: Equipthing to do. You can sell a player very ment, skates are paid for, there are capaeasily on the team when you're recruit- city crowds for every game. ing. "We're certainly not disappointed with "It becomes self-perpetuating, a snow- the players we recruited. All four freshball effect. At training camp last Sep- men I've brought in have done very, tember, we had 15 kids throughout the very well for us. league approach us about joining our "You have to rely on contacts, but team. These were kids we had played the bottom-line key to establishagainst. They know if they play here they ing a network is that the players have a real good chance of being looked at who are already there have to by NHL scouts and college scouts." be happy. They are our best One coach who has committed himself recruiters.' to recruiting in B.C. is Shawn Walsh from Major, who's ranked the University of Maine. Walsh, formerly 111th for this year's a recruiter at other NCAA schools, didn't draft by National get the Maine job until last April. That's Hockey League late to try to fill a roster for September Central Scouting, but, with some scrambling, things worked decided on Maine out. Dec. 28 after talking with "I did it because I know the area and three current players - Wensley, Nonis also because not as many schools go to and Czenczek - when they were home for B.C. as go to Ontario. The chances of a kid their Christmas holidays. being around in Toronto, when I got there in April, were slimmer than chances of "Dave Wensley was already a friend," a B.C. kid being available. Major said. "Dave Nonis and Stan Czenc"The first four I brought in were all zek seemed like really good guys. They from B.C." Those boys are Dave Nonis told me the same thing the coaches had al-

Seventy-five players from the B.C. Ju- from Burnaby, Stan Czenczek and Paul nior Hockey League are currently com- Lelievre from Surrey and Dave Wensley bining hockey and education at universi- from North Vancouver. All are BCJHL ties in the U.S. In the first of a two-part alumni. series, Sun sports reporter Scott Simpson "I came in here right after the signing explains why B.C. is a prime recruiting date last year and none of the boys had area for some U.S. schools. signed with anyone. "There's a surplus of available players nited States universities spend tens for the number of scholarships available. of thousands of dollars each year to A lot of players who are good enough don't recruit players in B.C. actually get scholarships. There are good They watch B.C. Junior Hockey League minor hockey organizations in several games, employ scouts and provide plane areas: White Rock, North Shore Winter fare and guided campus tours to pro- Club, Burnaby especially. If you follow spects. that through to junior, there is Penticton, On a single night, a team like the BCJHL Abbotsford. .. Penticton Knights, with a proven record of "'The advantage I find; you get a 17 or producing good players for university, 18 year old like Bruce Major. (Major, curmay have a half-dozen National Hockey rently playing for Richmond Sockeyes of League scouts and as many scouts from the BCJHL, has signed a letter of intent to the college ranks. play for Maine next fall.) He's 17 and he's What's so good about B.C. hockey play- playing against people age 20 and under. ers? He's already used to playing against playPart of the reason is that BCJHL teams ers older than him. It compares favorably understand the attraction of a scholarship against U.S. high school hockey, where when they do their own recruiting. everybody is the same age or younger "It was something that worked well for than the boys you recruit. us from the start," Knights' marketing "*A boy who's playing in Western Candirector Ron Taylor explained. "And once ada and B.C. appreciates a lot of the things we got it in motion, it became the right that U.S. players take for granted: Equipthing to do. You can sell a player very ment, skates are paid for, there are capaeasily on the team when you're recruit- city crowds for every game. ing. "We're certainly not disappointed with "It becomes self-perpetuating, a snow- the players we recruited. All four freshball effect. At training camp last Sep- men I've brought in have done very, tember, we had 15 kids throughout the very well for us. league approach us about joining our "You have to rely on contacts, but team. These were kids we had played the bottom-line key to establishagainst. They know if they play here they ing a network is that the players have a real good chance of being looked at who are already there have to by NHL scouts and college scouts." be happy. They are our
