# The Times-Union — 1985-10-09 — p.39

**Publication:** The Times-Union
**Date:** 1985-10-09
**Page:** 39
**Location:** Rochester, New York
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1279956740/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1279956740

## Paragraphs

said with a shrug.* For all the notoriety of that fight, Don's favorite incident involved Orland Kurtenbach. "This was really funny," Cherry says. "He had arms about two miles long. He chipped my tooth with one blow, and when I swung back, I accidentally buried my finger in his eye. It started puffing up right away. "Honestly, I didn't mean to do it. I was really scared. Then the fans started giving it to me, so I had to act like I did it on purpose." herry's tough image C hard didn't family growing times or stem up from in in from a his "Bad Street" environment in Kingston, Ontario. It resulted from a brawl during his rookie year in Hershey. "I was suckered, but good, by Bobby Baun," he says. "I was knocked out cold. When I woke up, there were 10 bodies on top of me and he (Baun) was choking me. I was prepared to die at center ice that night. "Believe me, from then on, I did the suckering." As a player, Cherry averaged nearly one penalty minute per game during his 6½ seasons here. Cherry played just one game in the NHL. He suited up for the Boston. Bruins as a 20-year-old rookie during the 1955 Stanley Cup Playoffs. "My downfall was baseball," he explains. "They knew I liked the game, so they told me not to play it during the off-season. So, of course, I went out and broke my shoulder playing ball. "In those days, if you crossed your team, you were finished. I was a confirmed minor leaguer after that.' Cherry saw more back roads than Rand McNally. In addition to Rochester, he played in Hershey, Springfield, Kitchener, Sudbury, Spokane and Three Rivers. He never made a lot of money. "I got $5,000 my first year in Rochester," he says. "Jack Riley (the GM) got me up to $6,000 the next year. I thought that was great until I learned all the rookies in the league made $6,000. Here I was, in the league 12 years, and I'm making the same as all the rookies. I enjoyed it, though. I loved Rochester.' or most of his days F near lived here, Winton. on the Main Elm Their and Cherrys Drive. daughter Cindy, now 26, graduated from East High in 1915, while their son, Timmy, now 21, attended the No. 46 School. "They still have their Please turn to next page
