# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-02-20 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-02-20
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325353350/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325353350

## Paragraphs

'Nanaimo Clippers are 13 points out of the fourth and final-playoff spot in the B.C. Junior Hockey League's Coastal Division with only seven games remaining, but owner-coach Doug Harding refuses to throw in the towel. "Who knows what could happen there could be a lot more games if we make the a playoffs," Harding said Tuesday. Currently on a seven game losing skein, the shipmen had best set their sights on Richmond Sockeyes, one point ahead of Abbotsford Flyers in third spot with 52 points, if they hope to make post, season play. The Flyers have been red hot since Christmas. "Richmond would have to be the team to beat. I've said since Christmas that Abbotsford was the team to beat. Abbotsford is not going to lose a game for the rest of the season," he said. Harding added later he told his club two weeks ago "not to worry about making the playoffs. Forget about making them, and go out and have fun. All the playoffs are is money, and I've decided to survive anyway.' The Clippers' attendance woes have been well documented, with an average of less than 400 fans per game at Frank Crane Arena. Despite the decrease over previous seasons, Harding still claims Nanaimo has the best attendance in the Coastal Division. "Times are so tough . - Abbotsford is under 200, and Burnaby, I don't think they have 100 game. The Lower Mainland teams are blaming the resugence of the New Westminster

Vanier and Cowichan receive byes in the weekend tourney with Alberni meeting Max Cameron in another firstround game Friday. Top two teams in the seeding tourney will join Vanier and Cowichan in the Island championship tourney, Feb. 28-March 2 at the University of Victoria. Flyers rap Bluehawks Six players shared in the scoring as Abbotstord Flyers ups el Coast-Division-leading Burnaby Bluehawks 6-3 in the B.C. Junior Hockey League Tuesday. *Pat Seeley, Sean Harder, Rob Reid, Kal Russell, Rod Summers and Darren Matias shared in the scoring for the Flyers, who hold fourth place. Richard Sloan, Gordon Macinnes and Tim Ziola scored for Burnaby. Mike Scardina, David Holmes and Bruce Major rounded out. the Richmond scoring. AI Loring made 36 saves for Abbotsford, while Ray Woodley stopped 40 shots for Burnaby. In Tuesday's only other BCJHI. game, Keith Street scored three goals to pace third-place Richmond Sockeyes in an 8-1 thrashing of lastplace Sidney Capitals. Bill Adams contributed a pair for the Sockeyes, who led 4-0 and 5-1 at the intermissions and outshot the Capitals 43-21.
