# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-11-29 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-11-29
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325371725/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325371725

## Paragraphs

SOCKEYES HERE The 20-year-old's value to the Clippers becomes more evident against experienced clubs like Richmond Sockeyes, the Clippers' opponent tonight at Civic Arena (8). If the Clippers are to stay close to league leading Richmond they must get leadership from older players like Cayford. "I feel I should get at least three or four points a game. That's the part I have to contribute," he said. Dutka said unreasonable to expect kind of scoring output from Cayford, one of the league's best passers. Cayford's ability to get open, create havoc in front of the net and set up plays has gained the respect of at least one BCJHL visiting coach. Richmond coach Muzz MacPherson says the key to shutting down Nanaimo is to stop Cayford. "Some people are surprised the Clippers doing well but I'm

Against Richmond, Cayford feels Nanaimo will have to play one of their best defensive games of the year. The last time the teams met, Oct. 29 in Richmond, the Clippers lost 11-0. "It's going to be a defensive game on our part," he said. "We're going to have to bug them all the time and get them frustrated.' Dutka said the Clippers are not going to make the same mistakes they did in their 11-4 loss to Richmond earlier last month on home ice. He feels goaltending was a problem and will start Chris Fairlie in goal tonight. "I didn't think we had good goaltending (Kelly Meredith). He couldn't stop the easy shots," Dutka said. Meanwhile in Thursday night action, Richmond Sockeyes jumped to a 6-0 lead in the first period and coasted past Merritt 15-3 while Summerland Buckaroos whipped
