# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-11-04 — p.7

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-11-04
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325367938/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 325367938

## Paragraphs

Clipper coach Richard Dutka was also happy with the Clippers' effort but wishes they would remedy their concentration problems. *H think .if hockey games were 55 minutes long we'd probably have a 10-5 record instead of 7-8," said Dutka. "All things considering we played extremely well except for the five minute lapse.' Merritt is tied for third place in the Interior Division with a 10-6 record. Randy Beekhuizan faced 43 shots in the Merritt goal while Meredith and backup Dan Mattice combined to make 35 saves. Mattice played well, stopping 11 of 12 shots after coming into the game at the 4:18 mark of the third period with the score 9-4. In Salmon Arm, Jennings, Hardy, Mark Schwager, Jamie Cayford and Grant McDonald also scored* for Nanaimo. Rob Clarke, Kevin Scott, Murray Yewchuk, Tony Bobbitt and Kent Maltais replied. for Shuswap in a losing cause. Clippers led 3-0 early in the first but allowed Shuswap to tie it with three unanswered goals before the end of the period. "We played strong throughout the game except for five minutes in the first period when we let them get back in the game," Dutka said. Dutka felt the Clippers controlled most of the play. "We owned them. It could have been more than 6-5,' he said.
