# The Abbotsford News — 1985-12-11 — p.15

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1985-12-11
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536643531/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536643531

## Paragraphs

by Rick Rake New ownership and management is in store for Abbotsford Falcons who are 2 and 23 following their 9-3 loss Saturday to league-leading Richmond Sockeyes. B.C. Junior Hockey League president Les Jeboult told News a presentation to "preserve the Falcons in Abbotsford" was made to the BCJHL board of governors on Sunday in Princeton. He said Del Thachuk of White Rock is the potential principal. "Nothing has been accepted or rejected by the board, but we have a couple of loose ends to take care of first," said Jeboult. "The presentation was accepted in principle.' Outgoing coach Byron Hitchens of Abbotsford told The News he is "selling out his interest" in the team and revealed that Don Berry, recent Western Hockey League Seattle Thunderbird coach, may take his place. Berry, 56, , coached the BCJHL Abbotsford Flyers to the 1983 tier two Centennial Cup final in Toronto. He had a 4 and 9 record behind Seattle's bench. Jeboult would not confirm or deny Berry's possible involvement with the team - "just wait for an anouncement from the new owner. I- don't want to steal his thunder." Hitchens claimed "the club has a real chance - Berry has the ability to get the players here. I believe Falcons are three or four players

Minard (for a 1-0 Falcon lead in the first frame), Trevor Tigar (on the powerplay), and J.T, Thachuk (who backhanded d a shot). Former Abbotsford Flyer Scott Bradley coached the Falcons during the game. Richmond scorers were Sean Harder, Pat Austin and Ron Popoff with two each, Kevin Weremy, Andrew Wolf and Paul Bifano with singles. Delta Flyers 4 Abbotsford Falcons 3 Rod Ware scored a true hattrick to pace Delta Flyers to a 4-3 victory over Abbotsford Falcons on Tuesday, Dec. 3 at MSA Arena. All goals except one were scored on the powerplay. Abbotsford markers came when Delta was two men short. Tim Wozney scored Delta's winnDon Berry - new coach? ing goal. Trevor Tigar, Wes Elliott and away from being a contender. Sheldon Sabad scored for the There is no word on whether or not Falcons. Falcons owner Murray Lawrence will D'Amours had a big night in net for wash his hands clean of the team. the Falcons as he made 38 saves. Richmond Sockeyes 9 Chris Dickson faced only 19 shots in Abbotsford Falcons 3 goal for Delta. Richmond Sockeyes remained Flyers recorded 22 infractions undefeated by Coast Division opposi- while Falcons were called for 18. tion on Saturday after they outdid Ab- Falcons played Sidney Capitals last botsford Falcons 9-3 at MSA Arena. night (Tuesday, after press deadline) Falcons stayed close for the first at MSA Arena. They're away to take two periods, trailing 3-2 and 5-3, on Langley Eagles on Friday (Dec. thanks to the goaltending of Darcy 13), Sidney on Saturday (Dec. 14), D'Amours who made 47 stops. and Delta on Tuesday (Dec. 17). Ray Woodley stopeed 15 shots for Selections for the annual BCJHL Richmond. all-star game, held Jan. 15 this year Falcon marksmen were Doneau at Nanaimo, will be made by Dec. 15.
