# The Vancouver Sun — 1985-07-29 — p.14

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1985-07-29
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494866037/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 494866037

## Paragraphs

said. Burgess was speaking at North Delta's Sungod Arena after his New Jersey team had lost 6-5 in double overtime to Vancouver Island in the semi-final of the major bantam competition on Saturday. Burgess, whose health complex sponsors the team, said he may bring four out next year. "We're looking to come back, especially with Expo here," Burgess said. The New Jersey reaction pleases tournament chairman Al Decker who feels Mac's is becoming one of the best for summer hockey. "We're as good as anybody in North America," Decker said. Decker is a sergeant with the RCMP in Surrey. He became involved with the tournament after taking his son to a: similar affair in Arnprior, Ont. Decker said he didn't think that tournament was run as well as it could have been, and with the encouragement of a coach from Alberta who said he would enter some teams, Decker started the Mac's tournament three years ago. There were six teams involved that year, 19 this year, and Decker expects the number could grow to 32. The two major problems this year were the hot weather which caused soft ice and a hassle with the Saskatchewan Amateur Hockey Association. The association is threatening to suspend any players who competed in the tournament because it feels this may be too much hockey for 12 to 16- vear-olds. years far as we are concerned it is no more of a problem than a boy going to attend a summer hockey school," Decker said of the Saskatchewan threat. Decker said he may move the tournament if Sungod does not fix its ventilation for next year. Dan Bennett, assistant coach of the Vancovuer all-star team that won the major bantam title with a 5-2 win over Vancouver Island, said one of the advantages of having a tournament for elite players is that the players are pushed because they are playing against teams with more skill than they normality face. "The of the major bantam in this tournament has been excellent," Bennett said. Jason Talo scored the final three goals of the major bantam game, including the winning marker on a shorthanded effort. Vancouver also won the midget final, getting two goals and one assist from Lance Momotani in a 7-2 win over Saskatchewan. Andy Toljander of Duncan scored two goals, including the winner, as Vancouver Island defeated Saskatchewan 5-4 in the pee wee division. Winnipeg won the minor bantam division with an 8-3 victory over Vancouver.
