# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-09-13 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-09-13
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325565530/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325565530

## Paragraphs

American university" recruiters will be paying much closer atterition to Nanaimo Clippers than they did a year ago. Lasy year's Clipper team consisted of several 19 and 20-year-olds who couldn't get the time of day from a college scout. This year's club will be much younger and feature several fine college prospects. "I would say that as it stands right now, there's only one player not eligible for a college scholarship (Jamie Cayford because of tier one experience)," said Doug Harding, owner of the B.C. Junior Hockey League Clippers. While some BCJHL clubs like Delta Flyers and Richmond Sockeyes will stack their rosters with Western Hockey League castoffs, the Clippers are going with a youth movement in what is definitely a rebuilding campaign. *There's always team that tries to win with the older players," said Harding. "They might get off to a fast start, but they don't always win in the end." Education is being taken seriously by the Clipper brass. If a player is cutting classes, you can bet coach Rich Dutka or general manager Vern Benedictson will hear about it from that player's school. A total of 23 players who spent last year in the BCJHL have accepted hockey scholarships in the United States. League champion Penticton Knights lead the way with eight graduates headed to the U.S., followed by Richmond Sockeyes with four and Summerland Buckaroos and Abbotsford Falcons three apiece. 1984-85 BCJHL graduates awarded U.S. college scholarships: Dean Garnett (Summerland-Miami of Ohio); Derek Pizzey (PentictonDenver); Murray Winnicki (Penticton-Ferris St.); Keith Street (Richmond-Alaska); Shawn Pettyjohn (Summerland-Alaska); Bryant Perrier (Langley-Alaska); Doug McFaul (Abbotsford-Alaska); Todd Brost (Penticton-Michigan); Ed Cristofoli (Penticton-Denver); Al Loring (Abbotsford-Maine); Brent Mowery (Summerland-Northern Arizona); Tim Comeau (Penticton-Wisconsin); Tim Coghlin (Salmon Arm-Wisconsin); Henry Reimer (Richmond-Chicago U.); Bruce Major (Richmond-Maine); Murphy (Penticton-Michigan St.); Derek Pizzey (Penticton-Colorado College); Glen Engevik (Langley-Northern Arizona); Tan Kidd (PentictonNorth Dakota); Brian Bullinger
