# Nanaimo Daily News — 1985-01-05 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1985-01-05
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324068173/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 324068173

## Paragraphs

Brown and Shawn Pettyjohn, In Langley, the win by the secondplace Eagles moved them six points ahead of Richmond Sockeyes. The Eagles now trail the division-leading Burnaby Bluehawks by five points. Langley broke open a close game with two early third-period goals which made it 6-3. The Eagles' goals came from Shawn Harrison, Mike Bafaro, Arron Scott, Bryant Perrier, Mark Recchi and John Basco. Langley goalie Mike Maisonneuve faced 33 shots, while the Eagles took 37 at Richmond's Scott King. The Sockeyes, who were tied 2-2 after the first period before trailing 4-3 going into the third, got goals by Brian Silverson, Mike Scardina, Henry Reimer and Don Rintala.

Three quick goals in the third period gave Summerland Buckaroos a 9-5 win over Revelstoke Rangers in B.C. Junior League action Friday. The teams, after a scoreless first period, ended the second tied 3-3. Then Cary Fisher started a three scoring streak at 1:36 of the third that gave Summerland an unbeatable edge. In other BCJHL games Friday league-leading Penticton Knights humiliated Salmon Arm Totems 20-2, Vernon Lakers defeated. Merritt Centennials 5-3 and Langley Eagles downed Richmond Sockeyes 6-4. In Summerland, the Buckaroos, who are in third place in the league's Interior Divison, got three goals from Ed Tuckwood, two each from Fisher and Brian Gerrits and singles from Craig

to the team. He's a good player, and he pulls the team together. He's a sparkplug," he said. Chatlain will be in the line-up tonight the 14-13 shipmen host the Coastal Division leading Burnaby Bluehawks at Frank Crane Arena, and Sunday, when Richmond Sockeyes visit at 1:30 p.m. Wade Michalenko was expected back from his sister's wedding sometime today, and will form a defensive duo with Rabbitt.
