# The Bangor Daily News — 1985-02-26 — p.8

**Publication:** The Bangor Daily News
**Date:** 1985-02-26
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Bangor, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/663334693/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 663334693

## Paragraphs

one was for the seniors and the fans." The win ended a nine game losing streak which included Saturday night's 3-2 loss to the Eagles, who were ranked fourth in the NCAA's Division I poll last week. Goalie Smith backboned the win with a 41-save performance. "*He played super net for them, said BC sharpshooter Doug Brown, who had one of the BC goals. The Bears began their comeback from a 4-2 deficit just one minute after Bob Sweeney angled a nifty backhander into the far corner on an Eagle power play. Jacques pumped in a rebound after Maine defenseman John Baker's shot had hit both goalposts and squirted in front. Kloewer's third career goal tied it with 5:12 remaining as an errant BC clearing pass off the boards rolled right to him. "I wanted to time it so that I could shoot it (immediately)," said Kloewer, whose shot glanced off a BC skate and went in. BC had taken a 14 lead in the first period when John McNamara's drive from the point deflected into the short side off a Maine player. Freshman Stan Czenczek tied it with a shot that deflected over Real's shoulder and Paul Lelievre, another freshman, gave Maine a 2-1 lead with a 20-footer into the short side off a John

McDonald pass. BC took a 3-2 lead in the second periad when Brown converted a Scott Harlow pass with a 15-footer on the power play and Livingston poked in a rebound following a great rush by Dom Campedelli. Sweeney made it 42 at the 5:21 mark of the final period. Maine is now 10-27-1 overall and 6-26 in Hockey East while BC is 26-10-1 and 24-8. The Eagles had an eight-game Hockey East winning streak snapped. (Sunday's Game) Maine Boston College, First period - 1. BC. McNamara 4 (Mitchell, Living ston). 2:20: 2. Maine, Czenczek 3 (Hellen), 10:42; 3. Maine, Lelievre 4 (McDonald. S. Smith, 16:28. Penalties: BC, Campedelli, hooking, 12:37. Second period - 4. BC. Brown 28 (Harlow1, 4:34; 5. BC. Livingston 13 (Campedelli), 7:09. Penalties: Maine, P. Smith (served by Wahlin), interference, 3:09; Maine, Jacques, holding, 5:01; Maine, S. Smith, roughing, 6:51; BC, Stevens, roughing, 4:51, BC. Boudreau, slashing. 7:31; Maine, Wensley, hooking, 8:17; BC. Merlihy, slashing, 9:22: BC, Sweeney, slashing, 11:28; 8C. bench minor for using an illegal stick (served by Brown), 11:28: BC. bench misconduct for using an illegal stick (served by Brown), 11:28: Maine, Lelievre, roughing, 11:58: BC. Campedelli, roughing and high sticking, 11:58: Maine, Negland, interference, 16:23; BC, D. Shea, high 17:31. Third period - 6. BC. Sweeney 29 ariow, Hodge), 5:21; Maine, Jacques 14 (Baker, Mann), 6:21: 8. Maine, Kicewer 2 (unassisted), 14:48. Penalties: Maine, Jacques, interference, J:38: Maine, Kioewer, interference, 8:30; BC. Boudreau, cross checking, 11:47; BC, bench minor for unsportsmanlike conduct (served by Gervasi), 11:47. Overtime - 9. Maine, S. Smith 4 (unassisted), 2:48. Penalties: none. Shets on goal - Maine BC 16-11-17-1-45. Goaltenders Maine, Pete Smith, BC, Shaun Real. Attendance - 3200.
