# The Abbotsford News — 1985-12-04 — p.17

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1985-12-04
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536642863/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536642863

## Paragraphs

Darcy D'Amours made 53 saves for Abbotsford. Woodley stopped 19 shots for Richmond. *** Falcons took on Delta Flyers last night (Tuesday, after press deadline) at MSA Arena. On Saturday (Dec. 7) they take on Richmond Sockeyes at MSA Arena game. Four other players were hand- when students from John MacLure, ed game misconduct penalties. King, MicMillan, Maple Gorve and Jeff Brook's powerplay goal and Margaret Stenerson marker came in the se- schools of the Falcons. elementary Ian Alger's are guests cond period for the Falons. Students from Yale Junior SeconTrevor Tigar scored to bring Ab- dary and Mennonite Educational Inbotsford within three points of Rich- stitute are invited guests of the mond (7-4) in the third frame, but Falcons when they tangle with Sidney Richmond was not to be outdone as Capitals at MSA Arena on Tuesday they produced five convincing goals. (Dec. 10).

Abbotsford Falcons are 2 and 21 after their 7-2 loss to the Interior Division's cellar-dwelling Shuswap Blazers on Saturday, but coach Byron Hitchens isn't about to give up. "December is the deciding month, and looking at some of the teams we have to meet, we still have a run at " the Coast playoffs," he said. Hitchens was trimming his 23-player roster down to 18 on Monday, the deadline for BCJHL squads to reduce to 25. cards. "We don't want to use all of our cards up right away," he said. We still have another deadline in January." He reported that some Falcons "are starting to throw their hands up" because of the losses. Falcons arrived home emptyhanded from their first Okanagan road trip over the weekend, also losing against Vernon Lakers on Friday and Summerland Buckaroos on Thursday. Murray Lawrence was coaching the team. Summerland Buckaroos led 4-2 and 5-3 by periods on their way to a 9-4 victory. Falcons'- Trevor Tigar poked two goals into the net while Ian Alger and Sheldon Sabad notched singles. Vernon jumped on the Falcons for a 10-4 win, outshooting the visitors 73-18. Sabad scored on three powerplay opportunities for the Falcons while Doneau Menard added a single. Richmond Sockeyes 12 Abbotsford Falcons 4 When you're up against one of the best teams in the league, it's difficult to come out shining. Abbotsford Falcons met Richmond Sockeyes for a 12-4 loss Tuesday in B.C. Junior Hockey League action at MSA Arena. Abbotsford's Mike Dutton scored first in the game and Richmond responded with six first-period markers. The second period was riddled with penalties after Falcon Darryl Regier hit Sockeye netminder Ray Woodley. Three fights broke out, resulting in the ejection of six players from the
