# Tri-City News — 1986-02-19 — p.23

**Publication:** Tri-City News
**Date:** 1986-02-19
**Page:** 23
**Location:** Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/561450112/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 561450112

## Paragraphs

Bottay and Look teamed up to win the 11-12 A duet title ahead of Fleury and Lyman. Andrea Adams and Theresa Grigg finished third. In B duet, Sara Doherty and Melanie Yeats finished second. Crews and Thoeny combined to win the 13-14 duet title while Coquitlam's Leanne Startin won the 13-and-over B solo title. In team competition, the Coralinas 11-12 A team won their class while in the 13-14 year old team event, Coquitlam's L and F squads finished second and third respectively. The under-12 Coralinas S and P teams finished one-two in the B event and the over-13 B team finished fourth. Diplomats grab B One team won their division and two other lost out in title game overtime as six Coquitlam-area squads participated in the weekend's Maple Ridge Icemen's 18-team Oldtimers Hockey Tournament. Playing in the B event, the Coquitlam Diplomats won three straight in round-robin play and then got two goals from Scott Steele enroute to a 7-2 win over Burnaby's College Place in Sunday's title game. Two less fortunate teams were the C Division Coquitlam Senators and the D Division Empire Pizza men, who both lost finals in overtime to Maple Ridge squads. The Senators went down 2-1 to the Green Growers with their only goal coming from John Gillies while Empire Pizza fell 5-4 to the Mountain Boys despite goals from Bryan Farquharson, Doug Brown, Jerry Gottschalk and Glen Birth. Other local teams participating in the fifth annual tournament included the A Division's Port Moody Fog Duckers, the C side Coquitlam Shifty 50's, with former Vancouver Canuck Orland Kurtenbach in their lineup, and the D Division Coquitlam Senators.
