# Nanaimo Daily News — 1986-02-12 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1986-02-12
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325552822/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325552822

## Paragraphs

ICE CHIPS: Delta Flyers turned back Richmond Sockeyes 6-2, while Penticton Knights stopped Vernon Lakers 9-4 in other league games Mike, Shields fired three goals as the Knights won their 50th game of the season. Former Clipper Rod Summers scored once for Penticton...The loss marked the return of Mike Enemark as the Lakers coach, replacing Don Moores who was fired on Sunday...Stan Marple scored twice for the Flyers while singles came from Ben Biagioni, Mitch Evanish, Todd Decker and Gerry Mumford…Bruce Major, who played in Richmond last year, recently set an NCAA record for the fastest goal from the start of a game. Major, a rookie centre with University of Maine Black Bears, scored just eight seconds into the game. He is Quebec Nordique property.

isn't putting that much importance on the Clippers' season ending B.C. Junior Hockey with Delta Flyers. League and away games "They don't mean that much other than the individual points for the players," said Dutka. "What we do in the last game in Delta might not matter.' Even if Nanaimo wins all seven of their remaining games and the Flyers lose seven, at the best all Nanaimo could hope for was a tie for second place. Unless Delta goes on the worst losing streak of the year they will finish the regular season in second place and Nanaimo will place third. Delta has- two games each against Richmond Sockeyes and Nanaimo. They play, Langely Eagles, Sidney Capitals, and Abbotsford Falcons once each. Nanaimo plays Richmond and Delta twice each; Merritt, Langley and Sidney once. Nanaimo and Delta play Feb. 25 in Nanaimo before wrapping up the regular season March 1 in Delta. They then begin a bestof each other playoff series, against Since the Clippers would obviously like: to win all their playoff games at home, Dutka
