# Edmonton Journal — 1986-10-20 — p.42

**Publication:** Edmonton Journal
**Date:** 1986-10-20
**Page:** 42
**Location:** Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/472851486/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 472851486

## Paragraphs

Grim days for the Bears Even keeping a stiff upper lip could be a challenge for the University of Alberta Golden Bears, now 1-5 in the Western Intercollegiate Football League. "We've ve have to think of it as 'We've got two games left, so everyone give their best effort,' " said safety Sheldon Weinkauf. "Maybe we can ruin someone else's efforts to make the playoffs be the spoilers. We sure won't lay down and die." Heather The prospects do look bleak, though. Fullback Jeff Funtasz, starting only his LaRoi second game this season, left Saturday's game against the University of Saskatchewan Huskies in the second quarter with what appears to be a Hanjoo Kim scored Alberta's lone season-ending knee injury. goal. It's the same injury that's already The Pandas soccer team, meanwhile, claimed starting quarterback Mark continued its exhibition schedule with Denesiuk and running back Mark Brus, two games in Calgary. In the opener, the team's leading rusher. the Pandas lost 3-2 to Calgary, despite goals from Carol Brown and Iris The Pandas field hockey team closed Diachuk. its outdoor season this weekend with a 1-2 record at the final Canada West University tournament in Vancouver. After losing 2-0 to top-ranked The Pandas rebounded to beat U University of British Columbia and 5-0 Lethbridge 3-1, with Diachuk scoring to the University of Victoria, the twice and Karen Dushinski once. Pandas blanked rival University of Calgary 3-0 on goals by Liz Czenczek, Continuing to hone skills before their Maria Cuncannon and Sue Pavlicic. Canada West season opens next month, While the Pandas finished in third the Pandas volleyball team bussed it place overall, first-place UBC will now around Saskatchewan this weekend, represent Canada West at the national beginning with one day of training with championships the Canadian national team in Regina. The good news was that Pandas "I think the girls learned a lot from coach Dru Marshall was named it," said coach Suzie Smith. Canada West coach-of-the-year, while "It exposed them to a higher calibre Czenczek and Cuncannon were voted of play that they can now strive to to the all-star team. attain themselves." Next in Saskatoon, the Pandas In West Coast weekend action, the finished second in an exhibition Bears soccer team (2-5-1) moved out of tourney against U of Saskatchewan, Canada West playoff contention with a University of Regina and Northern 2-1 loss to UVic and a 3-0 loss to UBC. Montana College.
