# Niagara Falls Review — 1986-07-04 — p.20

**Publication:** Niagara Falls Review
**Date:** 1986-07-04
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1016148824/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1016148824

## Paragraphs

VANCOUVER (CP) Adult hockey players who dream of taking a feathery pass from The Flower or skating on the same line with The Golden Jet will get their chance this summer. The opportunity to perhaps realize a childhood dream will be offered at the Legends on the Pacific hockey camp on Vancouver Island. The adult hockey week features some of the alltime National Hockey League greats, including Guy (The Flower) LaFleur and Bobby (Golden Jet) Hull. "It's an opportunity to live your hockey fantasies." says organizer Paul Shmyr, who played seven seasons in the NHL and several in the World Hockey Association. "It's patterned after the adult baseball camps which have been so successful in (United) States." "The Legends' six 24. day experience opens Aug. The old-star lineup also includes Doug Harvey, Bill Gadsby, Johnny Bower, Orland Kurtenbach. Hall of Fame referee Red Storey, Dune Wilson, Larry Cahan and Shmyr. The adult roster will be limited to 64 players, who want to spend $1,586 each to rub shoulders with some of the game's greatest. Besides hockey, the camp features charterboat salmon fishing, tennis, golf, sailing, water skiing and canoeing as activities. Shmyr, who manages a restaurant in Burnaby. B.C., emphasizes that the accent will be on having fun for both amateurs and the former stars.
