# The Tampa Tribune — 1986-11-25 — p.66

**Publication:** The Tampa Tribune
**Date:** 1986-11-25
**Page:** 66
**Location:** Tampa, Florida
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/336671022/?match=1&terms=%22Frank%20Romeo%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 336671022

## Paragraphs

Frank Romeo Hardee HEARTLAND ATHLETE OF THE WEEK

short pass over the middle that Romeo reached and grabbed with his left hand. Tucking the ball away, he started running for the DeSoto goal line. Daniels caught up with Romeo and forced him out of bounds 44 yards upfield from where Romeo had caught the ball. Romeo had a chance to cut back inside, but decided to plow through the DeSoto running back. "I knew I couldn't out run Chris," he said. "So I decided to go right through him. I like to give back to people what they give to me." The interception return set up the Wildcats' first touchdown, a sweep by Reggie Brown. Blocking for Brown on that play was Frank Romeo. Three more times DeSoto would penetrate deep into Hardee territory, and three more times they would be turned away by Romeo and company. Daniels, who had rushed for more than 1,000 yards just eight games into the season, was held to 73 yards all night. Romeo is the signal-caller on a defense that has held opponents to an average of 6.3 points per game. He and Robert Rawls make sure the adrenalin is flowing in every defender. "We try to keep them fired up," said Romeo about his and Rawls' role on defense. "We let someone know if they made a good play, and if they make a mistake, we tell them to forget it and get them back next play." With a a good combination of speed, size, desire and discipline, the 6-foot-2, 225-pound senior has been sought by many colleges. Florida State, Florida, Louisville and Miami have all contacted him through letters.

WAUCHULA Frank Romeo had been waiting for Hardee's game with DeSoto for a long time. Romeo, the Wildcats' linebacker-tight end, had to sit out last year's game with an injury. He had to watch from the sidelines as DeSoto's Chris Daniels rushed for 219 yards in the Bulldogs' 21- 17 win. The Wildcats' loss spoiled their bid for a perfect season. This year, with Hardee coming into the DeSoto game 9-0 once again, Romeo was not about to let history repeat itself. "I got fired up," he said. "We had a good pep rally and everything. I was waiting for this game all season." Romeo responded with eight solo tackles, three assists and one interception and blocked well on offense in the Wildcats' 20-0 win over their traditional rivals. Hardee decided to keep the ball on the ground, so Romeo was not a factor as a receiver. "Frank played his best defensive game Friday night," Hardee coach Bob Martin said. "And he's had some good defensive games in the past. He also blocked extremely well on offense." His interception will be talked about for a long time when the 1986 version of the rivarly is discussed. The Bulldogs had driven down to the Hardee 14, but two losses made it third-and-long from the Wildcat 26. DeSoto quarterback Tommy Henry threw a

Frank Romeo. "Anthony is as good a basketball player as anybody in the area," said Fittro. "And Frank's a smart, physical player. He works well underneath." Tony DeLeon will switch from being the quarterback of the football team to the point guard in basketball. Jimbo Gause will take over as the shooting guard, and 6-2 senior Kim Thompson will play center. The lineup may be small, but it is fast and disciplined. Next: Frostproof

School.... Hardee County High School Principal. . Terry Andrews Athletic Director …...Jerry Kapusta Classification ...............2A-District 12 Colors........ Blue and Orange Nickname Wildcats Head Coach... ...Bob Fittro Assistant Coaches . James Crayton, Mike Maddox 1985-86 Record .... .16-10 Returning Starters... Schedule Nov. 25 Avon Park Jamboree Dec. 46 at Sebring Tip-off Tournament Dec. Lake Placid Dec. 11............ AVON PARK Dec. 16............ DeSoto Dec. 18-20 ..........at Mulberry Christmas Tournament Jan. LAKELAND CHRISTIAN Jan. SEBRING 13. . FROSTPROOF Jan. at Mulberry Jan. 20. ..at Fort Meade Jan. 22. at Frostproof Jan. 27.. at Sebring Jan. 30..... akeland Christian Feb. 5 FORT MEADE Feb. 10 PLACID Feb. 17 at Avon Park Feb. 19 ... MULBERRY Feb. 23 DESOTO Feb. 2628. ............District Tournament Roster No. Name Pos. HI. Wt. Yr. Anthony Small 60 165 John Lee 61 150 Tony Deleon 510 160 Anthony White 61 170 Kim Thompson 61 180 20 Robert Mosley 510 150 30 Jimbo Gause 61 190 33 Alfred Faulk 61 175 40 West Palmer 62 195 Don Coffell 62 185 50 Frank Romeo F 60 225 Sr.

TODAY 9 a.m. Jimmy Ballard Golf Connection, ESPN. 4 p.m. - Boxing (Michael Nunn vs. Fred Hutchings), ESPN. phia 76ers), Channel 17-A. COLLEGE BASKETBALL - MissouriSt. Louis at Florida South- 9:30 a.m. - Senior PGA Golf (Shearson/Lehman Brothers 5:30 p.m. - Scholastic Sports America, ESPN. 11 p.m. -Tennis (AT & T Challenge), USA; NFL's Greatest em, Jenkins Field House, Lakeland, 7:30 p.m. Senior Classic), ESPN. 6 p.m. Sports Look, ESPN. Moments, ESPN. JUNIOR COLLEGE BASKETBALL - St. John's River CC at 11:30 a.m. Sports Look, ESPN. 6:30 p.m. - NBA Today, ESPN. 11:30 p.m. - Sports Center, ESPN. Slate Polk Florida CC, CC, Winter Avon Haven, Park, 7:30 7:30 p.m.; p.m. Central Florida CC at South Noon 12:30 - a.m. Aerobics, Soaring, ESPN. ESPN. 7 7:30 p.m. p.m. - Sports NFL's Center, Greatest ESPN. Moments, ESPN. 12:30 Midnight a.m. - - NFL Boxing Films (Michael Presents, Nunn ESPN. vs. Fred Hutchings), 1 p.m. Tennis (WCT Houston Shootout), ESPN. 8 p.m. - NHL Hockey (Pittsburgh Penguins vs. New York ESPN. TELEVISION 3 p.m. World Triathlon Championship (Double Brown Islanders), ESPN. 2 a.m. Sport Look, ESPN. Iron Man), ESPN. 8:05 p.m. - NBA Basketball (Boston Celtics vs. Philadel 2:30 a.m. - Sports Center, ESPN. 8:30 a.m. Sports Center, ESPN.

It was all worth the wait for Hardee's Romeo
