# Record Searchlight — 1986-07-15 — p.25

**Publication:** Record Searchlight
**Date:** 1986-07-15
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Redding, California
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/792870227/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 792870227

## Paragraphs

By HENRY MILLER LEWISTON - An illegal bait minnow called hitch may be responsible for the decline of the kokanee fishery in Clair Engle (Trinity) Lake, a state Department of Fish and Game biologist said Tuesday. Biologists John Thomas and Ed Miller counted an estimated 17,100 hitch during a survey last week of Lewiston Lake, according to Thomas. This week, DFG workers were surveying the waters of Trinity Lake for signs of hitch, a minnow native to the Sacramento River drainage that apparently was introduced to the Trinity River drainage by anglers using them Illegally for bait. "It's one of the things I've kind of been wondering about, the decline of the kokanee (a landlocked variety of sockeye salmon)," Thomas said. "If they're (hitch) established in Trinity like they are in Lewiston, that would account for that (the decline)." Counts of kokanee spawners on tributaries to Trinity Lake have plummeted in recent years, he added. In 1982, 11,104 spawners were counted. That dipped to 1,912 in 1983; 1,482 in 1984; and 814 in 1985, according to DFG figures. The reason hitch could account for the decline is that the minnow, a prolific breeder, would outcompete with the salmon for its source of food, freshwater plankton, Thomas said.

College hires a By ROGER WEIGEL Shasta College basketball Coach Johnnie Johnson has seen his annual salary dwindle from a high of $20,000 when he was hired three years ago to a current low of $8,000. In the interim he has produced three winning seasons and a Golden Valley Conference championship. In the middle of May, Shasta College filled a vacancy in its Physical Education Department by hiring a full-time teacher who will serve as assistant football coach and head softball coach. Johnson remains a part-time employee. School officials said the move to hire someone to coach football and softball was practical, and was not a slap at Johnson, whose 63-26 record is the best ever posted by a Shasta coach over a three-year span. "I try to keep every coaching position separate," said Shasta Athletic Director Joe Golenor. "When a member of the coaching staff vacates a position like Clar Appledoorn leaving a vacancy in the football coaching staff, we try to fill that vacancy.' Appledoorn is a former Shasta athletic director who served as an assistant football coach as part of his
