# The Globe and Mail — 1986-01-21 — p.23

**Publication:** The Globe and Mail
**Date:** 1986-01-21
**Page:** 23
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1221732319/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1221732319

## Paragraphs

Defonceman with lho Toronto Maple Leats, New York Islanders and Vancouver Canucks of the Nalional Hockey League and Indianapolis Racers of the World Hockey Association between 1972 and 1978. Career record — nine goals, 36 assists in 259 gamos. Fortier, a nativo ol Sudbury, Ont., played his junior hockoy at St. Catharinos, was the Leals' secondround draft choice in 1971 and joined the Islanders in the intraloague drall in 1974, "That's when I becamo an NHL player," he recalled 3 recenlly. "Al Arbour know how lo leach young players." Aller two seasons, he moved to tho Canucks. "It was a family atmosphere there. but then they got rid of Phil Maloney and (Orland) Kurtenbach came in lo coach and he had no use for me. They didn't offer mo a contract the next year so l movod to tho WHA." Pat Stapleton was the coach and managor al indianapolis and Wayne Grotzky brletly a toammate. The next summer. Fortier underwent a knee operation "and they sent me to Erie, Pa., as punishment. Then, Indianapolis quit sending my cheques and the leam folded. Nick Polano was the coach and manager at Eric and he was from Sudbury, too, and they gave me their portion of my salary and paid my ront, but after that, I docided it was timo lo quit.
