# The Morning Union — 1986-02-23 — p.46

**Publication:** The Morning Union
**Date:** 1986-02-23
**Page:** 46
**Location:** Springfield, Massachusetts
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1073988261/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1073988261

## Paragraphs

like all the others, probably wouldn't last under Bowman. For the record, Crisp wanted to be considered for the Springfield job a couple of years back when the Black Hawks were looking for a replacement for Orland Kurtenbach here. Howver, Chicago didn't pursue Crisp, opting for. Doug Sauter. Speaking of Kurtenbach, he still has his own insurance, business in the Vancouver. area. and is playing regularly for the Vancouver oldtimers team. They recently played eight games in eight days against the touring Toronto old-timers. Kurtenbach, a close follower of the Smythe Division, predicts a dogfight for the playoff spots. "Vancouver should make it, but Winnipeg has a favorable schedule the rest of the way," he said. His picks for the Stanley Cup are Edmonton or Philadelphia. He plans to take in the last 10 Canuck home games and is lookforward to seeing his old goaltender, Bob Janecyk when Los Angeles comes to town. ... From the fans: William Santanello of Springfield writes that he feels there are two additional reasons Indians' attendance is down. 1. The ticket price increase over last year. 2. The increased prices for concessions. "I realize the team's expenses go up every season like they do for the rest of us," writes Santanello, but when hockey, which is a family game, becomes too high on a local minor league level for the family to afford, then attendance will decline." In response, Indian ticket prices are $6 and $7. Last year, they were $5.50 and $6.50. So there was a 50 cent increase in prices. However, when the building opened in 1972, the Springfeld Kings charged $3, $4, and $5. So the top ticket has gone up only $2 in 13 years, or an inflation rate of just over three percent per year. So while the ticket increase was probably not timely in view of the team's recent on-ice performance and the competition with other entertaiment vehicles, the team's past performance has probably been more of a problem than the price.
