# Nanaimo Daily News — 1986-02-08 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1986-02-08
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325550608/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325550608

## Paragraphs

Abbotsford would meet first place Richmond Sockeyes in the playoffs if they catch Sidney. Thachuk got his first goal at 14:21 as he picked up a loose puck in the slot and deked Nanaimo goaltender Chris Fairlie to the backhand. Thachuk made it 6-4 at 15:58 on a similar play, but

this time he elected to shoot, sliding a low shot to the stick side of Fairlie. "This win makes it interesting for us," said Falcon coach Don Berry. "We are one game behind Sidney, but we have a lot tougher schedule. I'm not confident yet though because you never know with this team. We seem to go ahead two steps and back one." Berry felt the game was won along the boards in Nanaimo's end. He lauded forward Ian Alger, who collected four assists, including two on Thachuk markers. "Ian Alger won the game for us in the corners. He made the key passes to get the goals," said Berry. On the otherhand, Dutka accepted part of the blame for the loss. He was not pleased with the refereeing but didn't feel that was the sole reason they lost. Nanaimo took 111 minutes in penalties to Abbotsford's 95. "I could have used my roster better than I did. I should have used more guys, more often, rather than going with my key guys, but it was hard with all the penalties. "All year we have played well in the third period. Tonight we just couldn't do it again.' •Ward Carlson scored three goals including his league-leading 50th of the season - to lead Kelowna Packers to a 7-4 victory over Coast-Division-leading, at Kelowna. Richmond Sockeyes In other BCJHL action, Penticton dumped Vernon 7-4 and Summerland downed Langley 7-3. Vernon took a 3-1 first-period lead before succumbing to the Interior-Division-leading Knights, who got two goals and two assists from Greg Cyr. Scott Rawson also scored twice for Penticton, including one into an empty net. The Knights were outshot 36-33 by the third-place Lakers in a fast, almost penalty-free contest, but went ahead 5-4 in the second period and Rawson did all the scoring in the third. Singles for Penticton were by David Shields, Rod Summers and Chris Anderson. Scoring for Vernon were Shawn Lofroth, Trevor Pohl, Dennis Holland and Mark McLeary.
