# The Guardian — 1986-05-28 — p.10

**Publication:** The Guardian
**Date:** 1986-05-28
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Brampton, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1242507312/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1242507312

## Paragraphs

By KEN GILES Arnie Brown, a 10-year National Hockey League veteran defenceman with five different teams, has been named the new coach of the Bramalea Blues. He replaces Metro Junior B Hockey League Fullan Division coach-of-theyear Mark Logan. Pat Maloney, who assisted Logan last season, will continue as an assistant coach with Brown. Brown first contacted Blues' owner Rick Hay regarding the possibilty of coaching junior hockey during the past playoffs against Henry Carr. Blues' 1986-1987 coaching arrangements were finalized Thursday lowing a third meeting between Hay and Brown. Hay has known Brown Ince their junior playing days with the Toronto Marlboros and St. Michael's ollege Buzzers. "I selected Brown because I believed he was the type of coach I wanted. le's not in it to further a coaching career, but he wants to help young layers whether its scholarships or to go to the OHL," said Hay. Brown, who has been coaching minor hockey in Mississauga, was an assistant NHL coach with the Vanbuver Canucks when the club was uided by Orland Kurtenbach. A family emergency, in New York, ept Brown from attending the Blues' anquet, Saturday, Brown, who was part of the fivelayer deal which brought Bramalea esident Andy Bathgate to the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1964, played six years with New York Rangers.
