# The York Dispatch — 1986-03-07 — p.16

**Publication:** The York Dispatch
**Date:** 1986-03-07
**Page:** 16
**Location:** York, Pennsylvania
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/614975536/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 614975536

## Paragraphs

Once you've tasted 'em YOU'LL STICK TO OUR RIBS! (BAR-B-QUE Baby SPARE Back) RIBS RACK SINGLE $8.95 CAVEMAN RACK $11.95 Weekend Specials CATCH OF THE DAY THE ORIENTAL BEEF & REEF . $13.95 THE LONDON BROIL. . . . . . . $11.95 SOCKEYE FRESH FLOUNDER STUFFED SALMON $895 WITH LOBSTER $11.95 CHICKEN PHOENIX. . . . . . $8.95 Prepared by Chef Vises Cheepadum from Bangkok Appetizer Specials - CREAM OF SPINACH SOUP $1.35 CUP .. . $1.55 BOWL EXIT 7 OF 1-83 POTATO SKINS STUFFED WITH LONG HORN CHEESE . . $2.95 SAUTEED MUSHROOMS & own 1211 HAINES RD. YORK, PA. 3.50 RESTAURANT and 757-9611 SHRIMP TOAST. . . . . . . . . . LOUNGE

PHILADELPHIA (UPI) Bill Barber, the Philadelphia Flyers' leading career goal scorer, was honored Thursday night as the greatest winger in the team's history. Barber, whose 13-year career ended with knee injury in March 1984, formally retired last August and a ceremony to honor him was held before the Flyers' game against the Toronto Maple Leafs. Barber, who teamed with Bob Clarke and Reggie Leach in the famed LCB line that helped the Flyers win two Stanley Cups, scored 420 goals in 903 regular-season games, tops in team history. He also had 463 assists for 883 points, both marks second only to those held by Clarke, who is currently the Flyers' general manager. "He wasn't flamboyant, he wasn't colorful and perhaps that was the only flaw in his makeup," said Flyers' announcer Gene Hart, who was master of ceremonies. "He was the blue-collar winger.' Barber, whom Hart introduced as the "greatest winger in the history of the Flyers," received a threeminute standing ovation from the sellout crowd at the Spectrum. In his remarks, he thanked the Flyers' organization, his teammates and the Philadelphia fans. "I was, and am, and always will be a Philadelphia Flyers," said Barber, who is currently an assistant coach, with the team. The Flyers gave Barber a new pickup truck as a gift and the vehicle was driven on to the Spectrum ice by Leach, who also got a standing ovation from the crowd. Barber was only the seventh Flyers' player honored in such a pregame ceremony but the team decided not to retire his number 7. The only numbers retired in team history are 16 (Clarke), 1 (Bernie Parent) and 4 (Barry Ashbee). "Bill was a great player because he loves this life, he loves this game," Clarke said. "He loved his teammates. He had a great desire to excell and to win."
