# Nanaimo Daily News — 1986-12-31 — p.10

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1986-12-31
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324481974/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 324481974

## Paragraphs

19-Nanaimo Clippers came back from a 5-0 deficit, but still weren't able to win as Richmond Sockeyes prevailed 7-6 in BCJHL action before 715 fans at Civic Arena. 20-NDSS Islanders beat Vancouver, exhibition College senior Fighting boys' Irish basketball 85-80 action in Vancouver. 21-Brent Murcheson triggered a hat-trick to lead Nanaimo Clippers Atom A Reps to a 6-2 South Island Minor Hockey League win over Saanich at Civic Arena. 22-Wally Bzdel, Joey, Mika, and Mike Biggs each scored a goal to lead Nanaimo Clipper Midget A Reps to a 3-1 win over Comox in the B Final of a midget hockey. tournament in Kerry Park. 27-Prince George and Campbell River were the only teams to finish first-day play at the 11th Annual Nanaimo Pee Wee Hockey Tournament unbeaten. 28-Prince George continued their string of lopsided wins at the 11th Annual Nanaimo Pee Wee Hockey Tournament with a 29-1 decision over Nanaimo Clippers Pee Wee A Reps. 29-In the battle of the unbeatens, Prince George prevailed, thumping Campbell River 8-2 to gain a firstround bye for the playoffs. Dino Caputo has scored 27 goals and 15 assists in. six games for Prince George. 30-Dino Caputo triggered six as Prince George pounded Duncan 15-1 to win the 11th annual Nanaimo Pee Wee A Rep Christmas Hockey Tournament.

Daily Free Press Photo Face In The Crowd If you are the lucky fan circled you have won free tickets to the next two Nanaimo Clipper home games, Friday, Jan. 2' against Delta Flyers and Saturday, Jan. 3 against Richmond Sockeyes. Call the sports desk or drop by the office to pick up your tickets.
