# Nanaimo Daily News — 1986-10-30 — p.13

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1986-10-30
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324730915/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 324730915

## Paragraphs

series. Furlan graduated from Salisbury Composite High last year. •Juan Fuca Whalers got an early jump on the Richmond Sockeyes Wednesday night as the last -place club defeated the firstplace Coast Division team 7-5 in the British Columbia Junior Hockey League. The Whalers scored two goals with their goalie pulled on delayed penalties and added a power-play marker en route to a 4-0 first-period lead. In the other game, Abbotsford Falcons handled the Merritt Warriors 7-2 in the Fraser Valley city. Play resumes Friday night with Nanaimo at Penticton, Vernon at Kelowna, Delta at Langley and the Falcons visiting the Whalers. In Richmond, Rob Coultish, Randy Zulinick and Mike Barkley all scored two goals apiece for the visiting Whalers who got their other goal from Bruce Robinson. Mario Desjardins led the Sockeyes with two goals as Richmond outshot the Whalers 44-39 and peppered Juan de Fuca goalie Byron DaFoe with 20 shots in the final period. Tony Bobbitt, Mike McCormick and Jeff Nottingham also scored for the Sockeyes whose record slipped to 11-3 while the Whalers improved 10 4-10. In Abbotsford, the Falcons outscored the Warriors 4-1 in the final period to seal the victory. Brad Smiley. Mike Dutton and Darryl Regier all scored twice for the winners who held period leads of 1-0 and 3-2. Peter Stemaschuck got the other Falcon goal. Paul Kruse, Joe Esposito and Darrell Kirkpatrick scored for the losers.
