# Telegraph-Journal — 1986-07-05 — p.17

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1986-07-05
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1111227641/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1111227641

## Paragraphs

By Grant Kerr VANCOUVER (CP) - Adult hockey players who dream of taking a feathery pass from the Flower or skating on the same line with the Golden Jet will have that opportunity this summer when the Legends on the Pacific camp debuts at Parksville on Vancouver Island. It's an adult hockey week which features some of the all-time National Hockey League greats, including Guy (Flower) Lafleur and Bobby (Golden Jet) Hull. *'It's an opportunity to live your hockey fantasies," says organizer Paul Shmyr, who played seven seasons in the National Hockey League and several more in the World Hockey Association. *It's patterned after the adult baseball camps which have been so successful in the (United) States." The Legends' experience is scheduled for Aug. 24-29 and the old-star lineup also includes Doug Harvey, Bill Gadsby, Johnny Bower, Orland Kurtenbach, Hall of Fame referee Red Storey, Dunc Wilson, Larry Cahan and Shmyr. The adult roster will be limited to 64 players, who want to spend $1,586 each to rub shoulders with some of the game's greatest. Besides hockey, the camp also features charter-boat salmon fishing, tennis, golf, sailing, water skiing and canoeing as activities. "Ever since I retired (in 1982), I've wanted to get back with the players I used to chum around with," Shmyr says. "The old-time players think this is a great concept." Fun Times Shmyr, who manages Diego's Restaurant in Burnaby, B.C., cmphasizes that the accent will be on having fun for both the rank amateurs and the old-time stars. A typical camp day will begin with breakfast, a morning practice session, lunch, fishing or golfing in the afternoon, dinner and two scrimmage games at night before a
