# The Oregonian — 1986-12-18 — p.74

**Publication:** The Oregonian
**Date:** 1986-12-18
**Page:** 74
**Location:** Portland, Oregon
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1088991102/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1088991102

## Paragraphs

Give special gift of fun, REI Backpackers' Kite flannel, fish or fitness. this The kite "soft easy kite" to design makes pack alongOur selection of out- there's no rigid frame to pack door gear and clothing or assemble. Made of multicolored ripstop nylon, this kite makes holiday shop- is pre-bridled and ready to fly. ping an adventure. Includes 500 ft. of string and nylon case. . $19.95 Gold Seal Salmon Fillet A gift of good taste! This Form 520 Rower Pro sockeye salmon is filleted, Save now on a gift of fitness! soaked in special brine, then Gas-assisted cylinders give smoked over alder in the tra- even resistance throughout ditional manner of the Pacific stroke. Chromed tubular steel Coast Indians. No oils, pre- and anodized aluminum conservatives or artificial colors struction provide strength are used. . . $29.95 where needed without unnecessary weight. Flannel Sheets Orig. $329.00, then $219.93 Sleep warm and cozy in the .. Now $199.93 winter, cool and dry in the Sale Sunday, price in December effect through 21, 1986. summer in these 100% cotton flannel sheets. Choose flat or REI Members: Your 1985 REI fitted sheets in blue or tan- for patronage dividend check is great solids, or making holiday purchases. assorted patterns. Twin . $12.95 Queen . $16.95 Ask about the benefits of becoming an REI member. Full. . $14.95 King. $18.95 Std. cases, pair . . . . . . . . . . $7.95 King cases, pair $8.95 RE Quality Outdoor Gear and Clothing Since 1938 1798 Jantzen Beach Center, Portland • (503) 283-1300 Holiday Hours: Open weeknights until 9 p.m.; Sat., Sun. (12/20, 21) open 11 a.m. until 6 p.m.

Kansas gets coach LAWRENCE, Kan. (UPI) - Ron Turner, offensive coordinator at the University of Southern California, Wednesday was named I offensive coordinator and assistant coach & at the University of Kansas. Kansas head Coach Bob Valesente said Turner, 33, would take over as quarterback and wide receiver coach, replacing Robert Ford, who resigned to take a similar position at Texas Tech. F Turner has been at USC for two years. He will take over his new duties immediately after USC's appearance 1 in the Citrus Bowl New Year's Day.
