# The Vancouver Sun — 1986-03-19 — p.72

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1986-03-19
**Page:** 72
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494206915/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 494206915

## Paragraphs

GREG KINCH ELIMINATING each other from play, Richmond Sockeyes' Jeff Cross-

By DAN STINSON Now for the hard part. Richmond Sockeyes waltzed to their first B.C. Junior Hockey League Coastal Division championship Tuesday night, but then they were playing the passive Delta Flyers, a team that simply refused to be physical. On the horizon are the Penticton Knights, a club that can hit, skate and score and must be favored to win the overall league title. "The road to the Centennial Cup (Canadian Tier Two championship) goes through Penticton," Sockeyes' co-coach. Bill Wilms said after Richmond defeated Delta 5-2 at Richmond Arena to win the best-ofseven Coastal series 4-1. "We'd better be ready." Indeed. Penticton wrapped up the Interior Division title last night with a 12-4 trouncing of Kelowna Packers, also taking the best-ofseven series 4-1. The Sockeyes were defeated in four regular season meetings against Penticton and Kelowna, and in the Knights they're facing a team that has lost only once on home ice in the last two years. Moreover, the Knights have home-ice advantage in the series, tentatively scheduled to get under way in Penticton on Monday. Muzz MacPherson, the Sockeyes' general manager-co-coach, has no illusions as to what lies ahead for his team. MacPherson coached Burnaby Bluehawks to a sevengame final series against Penticton last year, losing in overtime in the deciding contest. "We've got a fairly good skating club, but I believe Penticton is quicker," MacPherson said. "We're certainly going to have to be more physical against Penticton than we were against Delta. We'll get hammered if we don't stop their speed." Sockeyes were rarely pushed by the young Delta club. Their domination was so thorough that they successfully killed off a five-minute major penalty last night for the second consecutive game. Jim Butterworth opened scoring for Richmond just 13 seconds from the opening faceoff. Jeff Crossley, with a shorthanded goal, and 16- year-old Richard Brew, who scored on a backhand shot while falling to
