# The Daily Herald-Tribune — 1986-03-24 — p.5

**Publication:** The Daily Herald-Tribune
**Date:** 1986-03-24
**Page:** 5
**Location:** Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/731213578/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 731213578

## Paragraphs

we pulled it out," said Kings' coach Len McNamara. "It was only 4-3 with about 10 minutes to play in the game and then we exploded." After a narrow 5-3 win last Thursday, McNamara admits he was getting a bit restless for his guns to begin firing. The same guns who swept Grande Prairie North Stars out of the playoff picture during their semifinal series earlier in the month. "I don't think we really expected to blow anyone out," said McNamara, who took over the coaching duties this season after being an assistant-coach with the club. "I was kind of wondering though when we'd explode and we did in the third period last night. It's hard to win in the puddle down there (Williams Lake)." Saturday's contest was also marred by fan and player violence that saw two fans taken into custody by the RCMP and a third treated and released at hospital after being struck by a stick. With 1:48 left in the game, several fights broke out on the ice between players, in the stands between rival fans and eventually between Mustang players and fans. One fan was struck by a stick and needed stitches. "I guess they (Williams Lake) just wanted to get rid of their frustrations," said McNamara of the fights which erupted on the ice. "They sent four players over the ' wall, but we held our players back. "Then John (Mustang coach Van Horlick) went off the deep end and got himself and players involved with the spectators." From his vantage point McNamara did not see exactly what occured in the stands which was also the case for PCJHL commissioner, Don Brown. Brown is expected to rule on the incident later this week. "I don't have the game report yet from the referee," said Brown last night. "Until I get that, there's not much I can say. It was unfortunate and the fans were very, very unruly. I've been going to the games all season and nothing's happened like that before." Because the Kings' involvement in the affair was limited, Brown is not expecting any suspensions to be handed

There is no taller tree in the Peace Cariboo forest than the Prince George Spruce Kings. Kings won their third consecutive Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League crown and fourth in five years by downing the Williams Lake Mustangs 8-3 Saturday night in Prince George. Kings went into the game up 3-1 in the best-of-seven series following Glen Fry' 2-0 shutout of the Mustangs last Friday in Williams Lake. Kings will now await the winner of the British Columbia Junior Hockey League final series between the Penticton Knights and Richmond Sockeyes to settle the issue of who will represent B.C. in Centennial Cup play. Prince George will host the bestof-three series starting Friday. "It went right down to the wire and
