# The Province — 1986-03-23 — p.6

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1986-03-23
**Page:** 6
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/501798115/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 501798115

## Paragraphs

ticton goaltender, stopped 44 shots, an identical number blocked by Glenn Pencer and Ray Woodley, who share the Sockeyes' goaltending duties. The second game in the best-ofseven series was scheduled for today in Penticton. The winner of this series will meet Prince George Spruce Kings in the next step along the trail of the Centennial Cup championship, emblematic of Tier Two national junior supremacy. The Spruce Kings earned that right last night by defeating Williams Lake Mustangs 8-3 to take the Peace-Cariboo Junior League

News Services PENTICTON - Greg Guidinger scored two goals last night to lead the Penticton Knights to a 7-1 victory over the Richmond Sockeyes in the opening game of the finals of the B.C. Junior Hockey League final. Singles were added by Kevan Melrose, John DePourcq, Chris Anderson, Scott Rawson and Rod Summers. The lone goal scored for Richmond was potted by Bruce Kenward. There was no scoring in the first 20 minutes of play. But after two periods, Penticton held a 6-0 advantage. Warren Sharples, the busy Pen-

were told he was 6' 0"' and 185 pounds at the least, but it seems he lost two inches IHNACAK and at not least 15 good enough pounds on the barbed wire coming over the wall. On the ice it has been obvious he is just plain terrified. Remarked Canucks assistant coach Jack Mcllhargey after watching him play and then getting a close-up look at his tiny frame in the Toronto airport when both teams were stuck there recently: "You'd be terrified too if you were his size." Ihnacak doesn't speak English, which is no problem in light of his brother's presence. But it seems when the words of coach Dan Maloney are translated, there isn't necessarily any more comprehension. At one stage during his stormy stay with the Leafs, Maloney heaved all of his equipment from the dressing room into the hallway and suggested Miro follow. Ihnacak is now in St. Catharines where the Leafs have carefully explained he is getting some ice
