# Times Colonist — 1986-07-29 — p.13

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1986-07-29
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508262638/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 508262638

## Paragraphs

under-17 team picked Times-Colonist news services Three players from Kamloops were among 22 named to the British Columbia under-17 team following a training camp last week at Nanaimo, the British Columbia Amateur Hockey Association announced Monday. Forwards Davis Payne and Chris Abraham along with defenceman DeWayne Gallant of Kamloops were selected to attend the combined B.C.Alberta camp beginning Aug. 8 at Kimberley to select a Pacific Region team for the 1986 Esso Cup competition. The Kamloops players were members of the provincial Bantam 'AAA' champions in 1983-86. Forty-six players attended the Nanaimo camp under the direction of under-17 coaches Wayne Naka. hired last spring as head coach of Victoria Cougars, and Dan Galbraith. The B.C. team includes: Goaltenders - John Colvin, Kelowna; Dusty Imoo. Surrey. Defencemen - Scott Farrell. Richmond; Joe Middlesteadt. Kelowna; Rob Flintoff, Osoyoos: Brad Pascall. Coquitiam; Rob Sumner. North Vancouver; Brian Dicken, Fernie; Bob Dever, Merritt; Gallant. Forwards Craig Gustafson. North Vancouver: Pat Hodgins, Duncan; Jason Talo. Richmond: Terry Klapstein, Quesnel: Grant Pawluk and Steve Rennie. Delta: Jeff Kitsch, Merritt: Mike Barkley, Port Alberni; Derry Menard. Coquitlam: Travis Green, Castlegar: Payne; Abraham. Howser released from hospital The Associated Press KANSAS CITY Manager Dick Howser of the Kansas City Royals was released Monday from the hospital where he underwent brain surgery last week. Howser will return to St. Luke's hospital today to begin radiation treatment for a malignant brain tumor. He is to undergo treatment as an outpatient five times a week for five weeks. Dr. Charles Clough, a neurosurgeon who removed part of the tumor in a four- hour operation last Tuesday, said Howser was responding well to treatment. Howser, who guided the Royals to a seven game World Series victory over the St. Louis Cardinals last season, was feeling good and continued to express thanks for the "kind thoughts, cards and prayers" that had been sent, a team spokesman said.
