# The Globe and Mail — 1986-12-03 — p.61

**Publication:** The Globe and Mail
**Date:** 1986-12-03
**Page:** 61
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1220675008/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1220675008

## Paragraphs

of wearisome travel and constant clock-changing. Playing Los Angeles in back-to-back: games last week, the Canucks travelled 3,000 miles. By contrast, if the Leafs and Detroit play back-to-back, it's 500. That's one reason there's always talk of coaching changes in Vancouver. As owners do everywhere, they reconcile losses by firing coaches. This Is the 17th National Hockey League season for the Canucks and the cerebral Tom Watt, the incumbent, is the ninth coach. That's about average for losers, a new victim every two seasons, The Canucks began with Hal Laycoe in 1970, followed by Vic Stasiuk, Bill McCreary, Phil Maloney, Orland Kurtenbach, Harry Neale, Roger Neilson, Bill Laforge and now att. Last week, the papers suggested Watt was spared the inevitable when the Canucks won the back-toback games with the Kings. Watt, headstrong and outspoken, a trifle testy before those games. "Sure, they're important, but whether we win both or lose both doesn't mean I'll be any better or worse as a hockey coach 48 hours later." Every now and then Watt takes off on his oppressors among new. shounds. He's emotional by nature, a 51-year-old native of Toronto who won nine national intercollegiate MEDIA - Page D3
