# The Vancouver Sun — 1986-11-04 — p.17

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1986-11-04
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494903084/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 494903084

## Paragraphs

6 This is nothing but a hobby for me. There's no way I want to get back into coaching g fulltime. y - Orland Kurtenbach

STEVE BOSCH ORLAND KURTENBACH: putting in 16-hour days

By ARV OLSON He is stirring a cup of coffee, trying to study the league schedule and listening to two separate conversations. His assistant, Mike O'Brien, enters the crowded Richmond Arena office and asks him to circle the starters on the lineup sheet. Orland Kurtenbach glances at his wristwatch and gasps, "it's like this all the time for me these days These . . hectic." the man who became the first member of the NHL Canucks in 1970, captained and coached the team, is wearing three hats. His average working day is 8 a.m. until midnight. Now 50 and only five pounds over his playing weight, Kurtenbach is building his own year-old general insurance business in New Westminster, developing a golf driving range in Surrey and coaching a junior hockey team in Richmond. "I had no intention of getting back into hockey until Bruce Taylor (owner of the Richmond Sockeyes) called me in July to find out if I was interested in coaching the team," says Kurtenbach. "I told him I didn't have time, what with the problems of getting my insurance business and driving range off the ground. "But I'd missed being involved in the game at different times, I guess, and took a look at the schedule. All the practices are
