# Nanaimo Daily News — 1986-11-20 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1986-11-20
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324580657/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 324580657

## Paragraphs

Elsewhere, Richmond trounced Merritt 10-3. In Abbotsford, all but one of the Whalers' goals came on the power-play in the chippy contest. •Ron Bhala and Graham Bewley each scored twice to pace Juan de Fuca and singles came from Kevin Nohr, Mike Barkley, Ian Doak and Greg Hawkes. Rick Rozecki, Mike Dutton and Troy Kaye replied for Abbotsford, which was outshot 41-34. In Richmond, Jason Phillips scored three goals to lead the Sockeyes. Tomlinson and Rob Clarke added two g goals each for the winners, who led 2-1 and 7-2 by periods. Paul Rutherford, Brian Kozak and Stan Cvenezek rounded out scoring. PORTLAND WINS In Western Hockey League action Wednesday, Portland Winter Hawks withstood a third-period rally by Spokane to record a 6-4 victory over the Chiefs in a fight-filled game. In other WHL action, Prince Albert defeated Regina 11-6 and Swift Current bested Calgary 9-6. In Portland, the Winter Hawks led 2-0 after one period and increased their lead to 4-1-after two. After a third-period brawl that led

By Neil Davidson The Canadian Press Ask Al Bruno about his memories of two- total-point playoff series and the Tiger-Cat coach recalls 1952 and, another Hamilton-Toronto post-season battle. Bruno led the CFL in' receiving that year and helped Toronto Argonauts to a 22-6 victory in the first leg of the Eastern final. Hamilton won the second game 27- 11 to force a third game, won 12-7 by the Argonauts. Toronto went on to win the Grey Cup. The next stop down Memory Lane for Bruno is 1966, when he was an assistant coach at Ottawa under Frank Clair. Ottawa, whose lineup included a player named Bob

Clippers 3, Eagles 4 what BY MICHAEL RHODE For The Daily Free Press cond LANGLEY - A four-game winning streak came to an abrupt end for Nanaimo Clippers Wednesday night as they fell 4-3 to Langley Eagles in B.C. Junior Hockey League action at Civic Centre. The Clippers opened the scoring in a game where neither team really showed intensity, Guy Burr beating Eagle netminder Jamie Stewart at 10:19 on a first period powerplay. Burr, who will rejoin Victoria Cougars Friday, added another marker late in the second period to narrow Langley's lead to 3-2. "They didn't really want it to- big night," said Clipper assistant coach Mickey Willgress. "It was a boring game. Langley lulled us to sleep." Rick Graham, Rick Munro, Gord MacInnes and Jeff McLean scored for the Eagles, who have won three of five meetings with Nanaimo. Chris Calverley's fifth goal in four games rounded out Nanaimo's scoring. Langley got all of their goals in the middle frame with Graham notching a shorthanded tally on a breakaway while the Eagles were two men short. McLean produced
