# Calgary Herald — 1986-01-11 — p.4

**Publication:** Calgary Herald
**Date:** 1986-01-11
**Page:** 4
**Location:** Calgary, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/484555539/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 484555539

## Paragraphs

The Calgary Wranglers' dressing room was in a state of shock just moments after the team's 4-2 Western Hockey League victory Medicine Hat Tigers on Friday night at the Corral. After the game, the team announced that it had traded veteran defenceman and captain Doug Houda to the Tigers for defenceman Craig Penner, forward Kurt Lackten and the rights to centre Lee Davidson. Earlier, the Wranglers dealt forward Darin Kimble and the rights to midget Jason Talo to New Westminster Bruins in exchange for the rights to centre Erin Ginnell and forward Trent Kresse. But the Houda move was the shocker. "Can you believe this? I can't believe it," said one Wrangler veteran. "It's a real shock to me. Doug is such a good leader," said Wranglers' defenceman Ken Spangler. "It's going to hurt us on the blueline.' Houda, who has played four seasons with the Wranglers, was equally shocked. "It sure is disappointing. It's always sad to leave Calgary," said a teary-eyed Houda. The deal was made in an attempt to improve the club this season and to build for next year. Both Penner and Lackten are 18 years old while Houda is 19. Davidson, a Calgary native, is 17 and is playing for Penticton of the British Columbia Junior Hockey League. The Wranglers will attempt to persuade him to join the team. "It's probably the hardest decision we've ever had to make," said Wranglers' general manager Hank Bassen. "Doug is a popular player and a super kid. If all the players were like Doug Houda, we'd be laughing.' The Tigers should be laughing today after reaping the benefits
