# Nanaimo Daily News — 1986-12-11 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1986-12-11
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324461239/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 324461239

## Paragraphs

. Kelowna's Kevin Taillefer recently passed Gordie McKay (Penticton) on the all-time BCJHL career assists leading list. Taillefer had 174 last week and could pass the all-time leader (Kelowna's Mike Wills) should he hit 203 this year. . Former BCJHL players continue to show up in pursuits other than hockey. Former Cowichan Valley Capital Glen Kulka spent the CFL season as a defensive lineman with Montreal Alouettes, while ex-New Westminster Royal forward Wayne Goss was recently inducted into the Lacrosse Hail of Fame. Pat Austin, ex-Burnaby Bluehawk and Richmond Sockeye all-star, will be a firstround and perhaps first pick overall in the upcoming Western Lacrosse Association junior draft. Tad Campbell (Kelowna Buckaroos) is of course doing well singing with the rock group Idle Eyes, while Curt Brackenbury (Kamloops Rockets) is a crew member on Canada's entry in the America's Cup race. .. Portland, with 10, is the WHL team with the most BCJHL graduates on their roster this season. Victoria Cougars have nine BCJHL products in their lineup, while New Westminster Bruins + *(7) and Kamloops Blazers (4) also have their share. Swift Current Broncos and Brandon Wheat Kings are the only WHL teams with no BCJHL grads.

both players could be back for Tuesday's game against Juan de Fuca., Chris Fairlie will draw the starting assignment in goal as the Clippers visit the Whalers in Colwood tonight. Juan de Fuca have lost blueliner Phil Soukeroff for the remainder ( of the season with a broken wrist. "They (Whalers) have dropped their last three in a row, but they're playing good hockey," y said Dutka. *These home and away games with Juan de Fuca are almost must-win situations for us if we want to put together any kind of drive for the playoffs.' Meanwhile, in B.C. Junior Hockey League action Wednesday, Juan de Fuca scored all of its goals with the man advantage but lost 7-5 to Coastal Division-leading Richmond Sockeyes. In the other game, Neil Eisenhut scored the winning goal in overtime to lead the Langley Eagles to a 5-4 victory over the Abbotsford
