# Langley Advance — 1986-01-15 — p.15

**Publication:** Langley Advance
**Date:** 1986-01-15
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Langley, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536936643/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536936643

## Paragraphs

It took four games, but Langley Eagles finally won their first contest under their new coach and general manager, Larry Romanchych. Believe it or not it was the Coastal Division leading Richmond Sockeyes whom they upset 4- 3 last Friday in Langley. Dan Walton scored the winning goal unassisted when he alertly picked up a loose puck that the Sockeyes Ron Popoff had just stepped on - causing him to momentarily lose his balance - - - - - - swept down the boards from the blueline on a breakaway, cut across to the side of the net along the goal line and shot it past Richmond goalie Ray Woodley. and game madè Walton "It being 28 of Otherwise, was in a in saves. the positional he post right greatest Woodley game hockey place chat feeling played at in the of the anticipating an the right Eagles year," the outstanding time. dress- shot said He 21 ing room. "I went for a corner shot; there wasn't much to shoot at.' Walton's goal came at 16:47 of the final pe riod. Just four minutes earlier Dave Apps tied it for Langley when he first-timed a pass from Brian Moller and slapped a backhander past Woodley. Moller also set Daryl Anderson's second period goal at 17:43 when he fed hinra pass from the corner to in the front of the crease and Anderson fired it past Woodley. The goal came 56 seconds after play resumed following the second intermission. Second pe- RAY GUENTHER, (21), of Langley Eagles fires a ley player. Guenther didn't score any riod play was suspended at 16:47 when a mo- shot at Ray Woodley, Richmond Sockeyes but the Eagles still beat the Sockeyes. mentary power failure shut off the lights in the goalie, as a teammate fends off another Langarena. Arena officials said the lights can't be relit while they're hot and that it would take at "I thought they were looking in awe of the to harass the Eagles who tended to least five minutes cool. Marty Taylor, the ref- Richmond Sockeyes team" early in the game ting into any sort of a mix up with the eree, decided to hold the intermission early and but they "started to gain their confidence" as who over-all 'were older and bigger. add the last three minutes of the middle period the game wore on, Romanchych added. eyes took advantage of the Eagles on to the start the third period. Richmond came out flying from the opening ness within the first two minutes of "It feels great. They probably haven't. felt face-off and put on a display of crisp passing, Bruce Kenward fired : a pair of goals 17 like this in a long time," said Romanchych. smooth skating and heavy checking. They tried apart at 1:16 and 1:33 of the opening
