# Irish Independent — 1986-02-13 — p.13

**Publication:** Irish Independent
**Date:** 1986-02-13
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Dublin, Dublin, Ireland
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1240143887/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 1240143887

## Paragraphs

2; CANADA 1 hockey reached a new pinnacle yesterday at Iveagh unexpectedly beat their more illustrious opponents national Canada match in Ireland, and on this showing our inhibitions when they face them in two internationals her personally and her team came via a penalty corner and Canada's consolation Potter getting o on the end of goal in the final minute of Marshall's pass in the circle play took the been gloss embar- and two minutes later off what could have an rassing defeat for the Marshall made fine run visitors from a deep position before Leinster's goal-scoring setting Potter up for the tempts in the first half far second. outweighed their opponents The final act fell to and the thrusting runs of Canada as Forshaw their Orla Galvin, Fiona Marshall, most talented striker availed Joanne O'Grady coupled of a long ball into the circle with the snap shooting by to round the advancing Potter she hit the post Rionach Tierney in the from a penalty corner late Leinster goal to score. in the half-left Leinster hol- Leinster Tierney, S. ding the edge at the break. amsbottom, Marshall, E Canada struck their best J.O Watson, Grady, Courtney, Winston, 0. S. HemD. Galvin, patch in the opening 10 mingway, D. Dolan, minutes after half-time but Potter. Subs. mins.). Bell for Hem• Leinster substituted Orla mingway (45 Canada S. Bayes, L. Bell for Sheila Hemmingway D. Covey, MacDougall, and her incisive runs lent Czenczek, Blanchaud, further weight to the Chariton, Andrews, Schheppe, Blaxland, Leinster attacks to such Forshaw. extent that Val Berube, the Subs. (Half-time). B. Berube second half substitute Cana• Bayes, S. Ballantyen for dian goalie, was kept busy Schheppe, Creelman, tor BlazBauer for Czenczek. quite Leinster's frequently. Umpires - Joyce Neill (Ulster) opening goal Margaret Lanning (Canada).
