# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-08-01 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-08-01
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325819056/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 325819056

## Paragraphs

at Civic Arena) with Junior Clipper head coach Rich Dutka and his assistant coach Mickey Willgress serving as head instructors. Brenda Gabbs, a former triple gold medalist figure skater and certified power skating coach, is also a head instructor. "We try to get an instructor for. every four players on the ice," said Opheim. "We're only going to allow so many players per session. They not only get two hours •of ice, but they also get office activity. And for $75 (day school session) you can't beat it." Opheim said his school, unlike some who advertize pro players who make token appearances at schools, doesn't pi promise anything it can't deliver. "Last year Paul Cyr came by and signed autographs at our school," said Opheim. "I know (former school owner) Pederson will be in the area summer, but I Barry, can't say for sure he'll be at the school. All our instructors have good reputations and know what they're talking about." Clipper captain and B.C. Junior Hockey League all-star defenceman Sean Stotts, ex-Richmond Sockeye all-star blueliner Don Rintala, Bill Hardy of the Centennial Cup champion Sockeyes and Clipper hopefuls L.D. McNabb, Cory, Kropielinski and Mike Bond will also provide instruction at the summer school. Sessions have been designed for Rep-calibre and House Leaguecalibre players with the Rep groupings being limited to 16 skaters. There is a power skating only session, while Gabbs will teach a segment on power skating in most of the other sessions. The power skating session (juniors) will include 30 minutes of dryland work and an hour of skating. It will be limited to 14 skaters. Off-ice activities for students
