# Star-Phoenix — 1987-05-04 — p.13

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-05-04
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512093788?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 512093788

## Paragraphs

### Region 204,2039 → 774,4177

HUMBOLDT - When Bernie Lynch and his Humboldt Bronco coaching staff were assembling their roster for this season, they had one type of player in mind: a Duncan Ryhorchuk style-player. "Let's see, what are all the cliches - grinder, mucker, lunchpail type player?" said Lynch, the Broncos' coach, looking for the proper description of his scrappy forward. "Let me put it this way, he's a good, honest hockey player. If he comes by a pass, or comes by a goal, you know he came by it the hard way. He's the kind of guy that gives you callouses on your hands from patting him on the back.' With the Broncos hanging on to a 3-2 lead in the third period, Ryhorchuk tipped a point shot from Rob Rice past Pembroke netminder Grant Robb, giving Humboldt breathing space ahead of the hard-charging Pembroke team. With the 4-2 victory and a 7-2 win over Dartmouth Fuel Kids on Saturday, the Broncos assured themselves a spot in the playoff round, which begins Thursday. In Sunday's afternoon game, Dartmouth was beaten 7-3 by Richmond Sockeyes. Against Pembroke, the Broncos opened a 3-1 first-period lead on goals by Rice, Kevin Luke and Curtis Chamberlin, but struggled through the second period. The Lumber Kings dominated the play and pulled to within one on a power-play goal by Mike Eastwood, who scored both Pembroke goals. "We were just going through the motions in the second," said Ryhorchuk, who was selected Humboldt's player of the game. "You can't do that against these teams. We were able to play like that in our league, but all the teams here are champions. If you get a two-goal lead on them, they're not going to die."

### Region 1432,3695 → 1993,4169

There was a rude welcoming committee awaiting the Dartmouth Fuel Kids at the Centennial Cup tournament. After a trip which lasted close to 20 hours on Friday, Humboldt Broncos gave the Fuel Kids a 7-2 butt-kicking Saturday evening. Sunday afternoon, Dartmouth turned the other cheek, just to have it booted 7-3 by Richmond Sockeyes.
