# The Globe and Mail — 1987-10-12 — p.36

**Publication:** The Globe and Mail
**Date:** 1987-10-12
**Page:** 36
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1218436240/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1218436240

## Paragraphs

ANDY SPRUCE Hockey Left winger with the Vancouver Canucks and Colorado Rockies from 1976 to 1979. Career record — 31 goals, 42 assists in 172 games. Spruce played junior for the London Knights, was a fifth-round draft pick of the Vancouver Canucks in 1974, and played in the minors at Seattle and Tulsa. "I can remember how happy I was the third year," Andy recalled recently. "When our coach, Phil Maloney, told me I had made the team and to find an apartment in Vancouver." He signed with the Rockies after becoming a free agent. "We were really a bunch of misfits," he said. "They didn't have a big budget and signed everybody else's fourth-liners. Doug Favell had a great year in goal and Wilf Paiement and Paul Gardner. were our best scorers, and we had Barry Beck, who was just a rookie but was so good, he was our equalizer." Going into the final day of the season, the team was fighting for a playoff spot. "We had to beat St. Louis at home and then hope that Vancouver would tie or lose to Los Angeles on the coast. We had to wait because of the time difference but Los Angeles won 4-3 and that put us in the playoffs. The first round was only a best-of-three series then and Philadelphia beat us 3-2 in overtime, and then 3-1 in Colorado, But just making the playoffs was a thrill. It's the only time that franchise has made it, dating back to Kansas City and to the team that is now in New Jersey." His second coach at Vancouver was Orland Kurtenbach. At
