# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-04-30 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-04-30
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325078314/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 325078314

## Paragraphs

Sockeyes rope Broncos

RICHMOND, B.C. (CP) Dave Tomlinson scored with 2:37 in regulation time Wednesday night to remaining, tie and give the Richmond Sockeyes a 5-4 victory over the Humboldt Broncos and a Centennial Cup tournament berth. The victory gave the Sockeyes the best-of-seven Western Canada Tier Two junior hockey title four games to three. Matt Hervey, Dean Rutledge, Jason Phillips, and Bill Hardy also scored for the Sockeyes who led 3-1 after the first period and took a 4-3 edge into the final frame. Brett Stewart, Kevin Luke, Al Novakowski and Curtis Chamberlin counted for the Broncos who were outshot 40-35. Richmond and Humboldt each won two one-goal games in the series that saw the Sockeyes outscore the Broncos 26-24 over seven games. Richmond advances to the Centennial Cup tournament in Humboldt where the Saskatchewan team will participate as the host club along with Pembroke, Ont., and Dartmouth, N.S. The Broncos were booed by Richmond fans for not showing up for traditional post game handshakes at centre ice. "Maybe they (Broncos) think the series isn't over,'

suggested Tomlinson whose winner came 35 seconds after Humboldt had tied the game at 16:48 of the third period. 'The Broncos' non-appearance was calculated. "We're going to win what counts," Humboldt coach Bernie Lynch said of the Centennial Cup. "We're just sending them a message: You ain't won nothin' yet. We're going to be the national champions.' •The Shushwap Blazers, who operated in the B.C. Junior Hockey League out of Salmon Arm in the 1985-86 season, have been sold to a group of Salmon Arm investors who plan to rejoin the league. Dave Couch, a spokesman for the group, said Wednesday they anticipate no problems acquiring approval for the sale at the BCJHL annual meeting here June 6-7. He also said they have hired Cam Ftoma as a coach. Ftoma was an assistant coach last season with the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League. League president John Johnson said a Courtenay. group is negotiating to buy the Abbotsford Falcons but is waiting to see if it has the league's blessing to move the franchise to Vancouver Island before completing -the sale.
