# The Abbotsford News — 1987-02-04 — p.11

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-02-04
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536896535/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 536896535

## Paragraphs

FEBRUARY HALF PRICE SUPER SALE Kniessl NYLON HOCKEY BAGS SKIS Super Buy.. 36" $898 4 PRO-TEAM $12998 30" Reg. $15.98 - NOW......... $798 $259.98 Reg. $17.98 NOW......... 42" Look GL Reg. $19.98 - NOW.. . . $998 Reg. $99.98 Canadian Super Buy. . . . BINDINGS $4998 NECK PROTECTORS Limited Selection Reg. $19.98 Super Buy WIFFA FIGURE SKATES Only Some Boots ALL ½ PRICE $998 ½ PRICE Puma Samson Low Cut ½ PRICE SKI SUITS All Leather Garcia Graphite Reg. $199.98 SPORTS SHOE STEELHEAD DRIFT Reg. $34.98 Buy.. Super $9998 Super $1749 Reg. ROD Super $89.98 Buy. $4498 Buy Heavy Duty DOWN Seamco ½ PRICE JACKETS SOCCER BALLS STEELHEAD COMBO With removable down liner. Super K #525 - Regulation Size 5 Ambassadeur 6500C Reel Reg. $279.98 Reg. '25.98 plus Garcia Drift Rod LESS Reg. $235.96 ½ PRICE Buy. ..... THAN $9998 $1298 Super $11798 CLEARBRO0K OK SPORTS 859-4112 OPEN THURS. & FRI. TILL 9 P.M. 2606 Cedar Park Place

Abbotsford Falcons served noticed Saturday night that they are saving their best for last. Falcons, trailing 3-2 midway through the final period, scored two goals to defeat the visiting Nanaimo Clippers 4-3 in B.C. Junior Hockey League action at MSA Arena. Abbotsford, i in the basement of the six-team Coastal Division, refused to roll over and play dead after the

playoff-bound Clippers moved ahead 3-2 in the second stanza on goals from Lawrence Amy, Mike Knapton and Darren Biggs. John Wilson and Rick Rozecki had scored for the Falcons in the first two periods. Joe Sobotin tied the game at the 11-minute mark of the third period and Troy Kaye notched the game game winner at 16:42. He was ejected from the game a minute later when both teams got involved in a shortlived fracas. It was the Falcons 14th win in 45 outings and they now trail the fifthplace Juan de Fuca Whalers by just four points. Abbotsford outshot Nanaimo 33-27 and received 73 of the game's 137 penalty minutes. Last Wednesday in Richmond, the Sockeyes maintained their dominance over the Falcons by blanking their visitors 5-0. Stan Czenozek, Brian Kozak, Rob Clarke, Bill Hardy and Jason Phillips scored for the division-leading Sockeyes. Falcons play host to Delta Flyers tonight (Wednesday) and Nanaimo Clippers on Saturday. Both games start at 8 p.m.
