# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-05-07 — p.24

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-05-07
**Page:** 24
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495159747?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 495159747

## Paragraphs

### Region 796,5753 → 1689,6950

By ELLIOTT PAP Sun Sports Reporter HUMBOLDT, SASK. - Richmond Sockeyes finally received the "fair shake" from the officiating that coach Orland Kurtenbach had been praying for Wednesday night. Sadly for the Sockeyes, that's the only item which went their way in a key Centennial Cup game against Humboldt Broncos. Richmond was thrashed 6-1 by the host team as the round-robin portion of the national junior A hockey tournament ended. The loss means the 'Eyes have to come back tonight and face Ontario's Pembroke Lumber Kings in the semi-final game. Humboldt advances to Saturday's winner-take-all final. The Broncos were 3-0 in the round-robin, Richmond 2-1, Pembroke 1-2 and Atlantic champion Dartmouth 0-3. "We have no excuses," said Kurtenbach. "'The refereeing was good. We just got outhustled, outskated, out everythinged. But it's over and done with now. We can only use it as a motivating tool. "Some nights it just doesn't go, and tonight was one of them.' Humboldt's Bill McDougall and Richmond's Stan Czenczek traded first power-play goals before the Broncos broke things open in the second. A

### Region 179,5596 → 756,6870

HUMBOLDT, Sask. - A psychological ploy used by Humboldt Broncos' coach Bernie Lynch has blown up in his face. The 33-year-old Lynch, in his fourth season with Broncos, unwittingly offended the entire community here when he ordered his players not to shake hands with Richmond Sockeyes following the Sockeyes' western final triumph last Wednesday. Lynch figured that since the Broncos and Sockeyes would be meeting again in the Centennial Cup junior A hockey tournament, they would save the hand-shaking for this week. "Richmond ain't won nothing yet," said Lynch at the time. But Lynch, who grew up mainly in southern Ontario, badly misjudged the sensibilities of the people in this farming community. He has been under heavy criticism since the perceived breach in hockey etiquette last week and in Wednesday's edition of the Humboldt Journal, a weekly newspaper, Lynch was roasted in the letters to the editor section.
