# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-03-14 — p.26

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-03-14
**Page:** 26
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495096964/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 495096964

## Paragraphs

CLIPPER CUP MEN'S SPRING HOCKEY TOURNAMENT April 4 June 6 Moody Park, Newton North Delta Arena Non Contact 10 Teams incQuaranteed 18 Games Welcome CALL: 589-3134

Friday for deliberately injuring an opponent in an American Hockey League game earlier this season. The AHL gave McSorley a 10-game suspension for attacking Joel Baillargeon with his stick in a game between Nova Scotia and Sherbrooke Feb. 22. McSorley was recalled by Edmonton three days later and never served the suspension. "It is the position of the (NHL) that since McSorley played under a standard player's contract, he is responsible for his conduct wherever he may play," said Brian O'Neill, executive vice-president of the NHL.

Park's goal sparks Team Canada vets Canadian Press HAMILTON - Defenceman Brad Park scored with 3:43 left in the third period to give the National Hockey League veterans a 6-5 victory Friday night over the Soviet Union in the first game of a rematch of the inaugural 1972 NHL-Soviet series. The teams received a standing ovation from the 12,114 spectators at Copps Coliseum following the skillful, clean game commemorating one of international hockey's greatest events. The line of Bobby Clarke, Bill Barber and Reggie Leach, all former Philadelphia Flyers, inspired the Team Canada oldtimers. Barber scored twice, with other goals by Don Awrey, Bill Goldsworthy and Mickey Redmond.

The Kelowna Packers earned a berth in the B.C. Junior Hockey League final Friday night, getting two goals from Kevin Taillefer en route to a 6-3 win over the Vernon Lakers in the sixth game of the best-of-seven Interior Divison final. The Packers meet the winner of the Richmond Sockeyes-Delta Flyers Coastal Divison semi-final. The Sockeyes lead that matchup 3-0 and could wrap up the divison title tonight in Delta. In Delta last night, Mike McCormick scored what turned out to be the winning goal at 18:21 of the second period as the Sockeyes defeated the Flyers 4-1. Richmond got its other goals from Brian Kozak, Jason Phillips and Bryan Moller. Delta's lone goal came from Tim Kranjc.
