# The Abbotsford News — 1987-05-02 — p.22

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-05-02
**Page:** 22
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536572447?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536572447

## Paragraphs

Richmond Sockeyes, champions of the B.C. Junior Hockey League, are now Western Canadian Tier Two Junior A champions. Wednesday night in Richmond, the Sockeyes defeated Humboldt Broncos 5-4 in the seventh and deciding game of the Abbott Cup. There was a controversial ending to the series as the Broncos failed to line up for the traditional series ending handshake - probably because, to the Broncos, the series isn't over. And that's | because the two teams will run into each other again as both were already assured berths in the four-team Centennial Cup tournament, the national Tier Two Junior A championship, which begins tonight (Saturday) in Humboldt. Richmond was given a berth in the Centennial Cup tournament because there were two spots reserved for Western teams, and Humboldt already had one as host team. Other teams in the tournament will be from Pembroke, Ont., and Dartmouth, Nova Scotia. Richmond took to the ice Tuesday holding a 3-2 lead in the series, but dropped a 4-3 overtime decision to force the seventh game. The first three games of the series were played in Humboldt, with Richmond winning two of them. Humboldt evened the series with a 2-1 victory Friday night, before Richmond scored a 5-3 win Sunday night to take the series lead. Richmond now has won playoff series this spring against Nanaimo Clippers, Delta Flyers, Kelowna Packers (for the BCJHL championship), Red Deer Rustlers (for the B.C. - Alberta championship) and Humboldt. Richmond and Humboldt are favored to meet in the Centennial Cup final next weekend. Today's opening game will pit the Broncos against the Fuel Kids from Dartmouth, and tomorrow (Sunday) the Sockeyes will take on the Lumber Kings from Pembroke. The teams continue play in a roundrobin through Wednesday, with the second and third place teams meeting in a semi-final with the win-

Sockeyes
