# Surrey Leader — 1987-03-11 — p.51

**Publication:** Surrey Leader
**Date:** 1987-03-11
**Page:** 51
**Location:** Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/327884608/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 327884608

## Paragraphs

THE LEADER, SURREY, B.C. - WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1987 B11 4 encouraged by positive results Don't count Flyers out against Richmond Defending champions Richmond the finals with a 5-3 win Sunday, Friday and Saturday. personnel with the New credits the whole team for their fine Sockeyes may be favorites in the over the Langley Eagles in the "On paper they're definitely a Westminster Bruins and although performances. B.C. Junior Hockey League finals deciding game of their best-of- much better hockey club than we the Flyers will continue to be New "We have five 16-year-olds and but Rick Hopper and the Delta seven semifinal in the Coastal are," Hopper says, "but we've been Westminster's affiliate team, Hop- they're all contributing really well. Flyers shouldn't be counted out. Division. getting good results." per won't be taking an active role When you consider we can almost "We're going to do basically the Richmond hosts game two of the Hopper joined the Flyers with with the Bruins. ice a midget team, the kids are same thing we've been doing up un- best-of-seven series 7:30 p.m. five games to go in regular play, Flyer's Peter Holmes and Ben really rising to the occasion,' he til now," Hopper said. That can't be tonight at Richmond Arena. Delta's becoming the team's third coach Biagioni were just two players Hop- said. " And we're certainly getting too bad an idea. Delta has been win- Sungod Arena will be the site of this season. He has been the assis- per mentioned as having played good play from the older kids as ning of late and they made it into games three and four, at 8 p.m. on tant coach and director of player well during the series, but he well.' Sports For coverage call 588-4313
