# The Province — 1987-05-27 — p.56

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-05-27
**Page:** 56
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/501937380/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 501937380

## Paragraphs

season. Langley Eagles have flown the coop from the municipally-controlled Langley Arena and have signed a deal with Don Yates, owner of Seafair Rink in Richmond. The move does not yet have league approval and, in fact, can't be approved until the annual general meeting June 5. The Eagles finished runner-up to Richmond Sockeyes in the Coastal Division of the BCJHL but were knocked out in the semifinals. The Sockeyes went on to win the Centennial Cup in Humboldt, Sask. "Sockeyes will probably fight us tooth and nail," said Eagles' coach Muzz MacPherson. "But I think if they give it some thought, we could build a real rivalry and help both teams.' Speaking for Sockeyes' owner Bruce Taylor, who was out of town, Ken Roker of the Richmond squad's management denounced the move. "We are very upset, to say the least," said Roker. Roker also said the Sockeyes would not consider having another team within their league-given ter= ritorial jurisdiction. The reason for the Eagles' decision to move was the inflexibility of

mid-morning. "There was no problem other than that," said MacPherson. "We had a good relationship with the people who run the rink and enjoyed our stay out there, but you can't expect kids going to school to practise at midnight. Everybody has ice available in the morning, but our kids are in school. "It just came down to a better offer. Don Yates wanted a junior A team in his building and offered us practice time at 4 p.m. What would you do with options like that?" MacPherson said Seafair will seat 500 people for hockey. In Langley the Eagles averaged 202 fans per game and the Sockeyes' average attendance at Richmond Arena was 317.
