# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-04-03 — p.21

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-04-03
**Page:** 21
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558333658?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558333658

## Paragraphs

two and a half seasons with the Kings. "I learned a lot from (Kings coach) Al Ferchuk . . he's a very good technical coach," said Pulliam, who joined the Rustlers in early January. Last season, Pulliam was the Kings' captain. He moved into that role with the Rustlers in mid-February, shortly after Billows moved behind the Red Deer bench. "It was a joint decision by Larry and the players, who responded well to me right off the bat," explained Pulliam, who replaced Ron Lebsack as the Rustler captain. "It wasn't hard to adjust to the role because I'd been in this position before with the Kings. "My job is to help get the guys ready, to help instill confidence in each and every player." Billows admitted he's happy to have Pulliam's leadership abilities. "He's good in the dressing room," said the Rustler coach. "We have three of four inspirational guys and Pully is one of them. We have to rely on guys like that now." Tonight, Pulliam will be called on to deliver the most important pre-game pep talk of his career. "I'll remind them that they all have a job, and if they're willing to work 100 per cent as a team, we'll be successful," he said. Saints assistant coach Chris Stewart expects his team to turn in its best effort of the series tonight. "Since the Rustlers beat us at home in the first game, we've been in the situation of having to win one in Red Deer." said Stewart. "We still haven't done it, and obviously we have to Friday. Either we'll lose in six or win in seven (at home).' "The guys are loose we're ready," countered Billows. "It will be a case of who wants it the most and we certainly want it." LINE CHANGE - No surprises are expected in goal, where Red Deer's Glen Furgason and the Saints' Darren Locher have been post-season workhorses ... Both will start tonight Saturday's seventh game, if required, is set for 7:30 p.m. at Akinsdale Arena. . . The winner of the AJHL series will play either Richmond Sockeyes of the BCJHL or Quesnel Millionaires of the Peace-Cariboo loop. . . That -three series starts tonight in Richmond The first two games of the Alberta-British Columbia best-of-seven series will be played Tuesday and Wednesday in B.C.. with games three to seven, if necessary, in Alberta, starting April 11.
