# The News Tribune — 1987-06-20 — p.24

**Publication:** The News Tribune
**Date:** 1987-06-20
**Page:** 24
**Location:** Tacoma, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/737358259/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 737358259

## Paragraphs

You're a gee-whiz, aw-shucks sort of guy who not only has never been in a championship series, but prior to this season, you had never won a playoff game. So why does Papaleo seem so cool? Particularly since he's sort of hyper naturally. Assistant Coach Tony Chursky, who coaches the goalkeepers and went to the Soccer Bowl with the Sounders in the North American Soccer League, knows Papaleo as well as anybody. "Well, you know Joey played the sixth game against San Diego, and he responded magificently," said Chursky. "So, I don't see any reason why he shouldn't again." Then the Chursky wit emerged. "Mind you," he said, "I'm very concerned when he comes up and says, 'We gotta do something! We gotta do something!' But he'll be all right." Papaleo had spent the prior few days in a Texas hotel with two rolls of quarters, hoping to spend them on a Hoop Shoot game in the lobby that was a big hit with the players. "I want it to end in six," he had said, "so I can play that game all night." It didn't, of course, Dallas winning Game 6 in double overtime 5-4. "No, I'd rather be playing," Papaleo said with a smile. "If it boils down to the last game, you'd rather be in it. You are either going to do it or not do it. You don't want to sit there and think, 'Well, I could have done something differently.' You'd rather be part of what's happening than watch it. "Of course, I wouldn't mind watching and winning. But I'd rather be involved in that last game. I'm sure it's something everybody dreams of." Papaleo's demeanor was one of confident nervousness - and he is enigmatic in that sense. He has been the most effective keeper in the league during the playoffs, with a 5-3 record and a 3.61 goals-against average. "Here we are down to the last game," he said. "But if

Entries Saturday, June 20 First race 1:30 p.m. FIRST-6 furlongs. Purse $3,900. Claiming price $8,000, 3-year-olds: 1 Sockeye (Corrales) 120 2 Pappy Luv (Southwick) 120 3 Deschutes River (Mercado) 120 4 G. He Go (Loseth) 117 -5 Aegean's Payoff (Leonard). 117 6 Slim Cat (Carrasco) 120 7 Vested Pocket (J. Mills) 117 8 Hedgewood Hawk (Klinke) 117 9 Silver River King (Barnese) 117 10 Major Melody (Hanna). 117 11 Rodeo Slack (Best) 120 '12 Hurley Hayes (Moore) 117 Also eligible• - 13 Spirit Of Arch (J. Mills) 117
