# North Bay Nugget — 1987-05-09 — p.40

**Publication:** North Bay Nugget
**Date:** 1987-05-09
**Page:** 40
**Location:** North Bay, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/731988173/?match=1&terms=%22Centennial%20Cup%22
**Image ID:** 731988173

## Paragraphs

to attend the 60th anniversary fastball reunion here Aug. 28, 29 and 30. . .Rollie also informs that former Sault Ste. Marie hockey star Jim Farelli is doing a fine job of coaching the Pembroke Lumber Kings, who are on the trail of the Centennial Cup. .Jim is a nephew of former NHL referee Lou Farelli of North Bay.. Speaking of that fastball reunion, if Tony Poeta's sporting goods store looks more like a post office lately, it's because he's been in charge of mailing out invitations to the big get-together. .Replies are already starting to come in. . Former North Bay athlete Bus Wall phones from the Sault to correct me on a hockey forward line on which he played. . .His linemates were Adam (Perly) Finnigan and Rolly Benoit. did play with Don Richmond and Bill Ringler," says Bus, "but that was in bantam hockey.' . .The other line was a junior trio. .Wall also plans to attend the fastball reunion. .He also asked this writer to pass on regards to Dr. Stan Brown from Curly Keenan of the Sault. . .Keenan remembers when Stan played for the 1924 Allan Cup-wining Sault Greyhounds.. Looking as lean and fit as when he was playig great hockey for the Boston Bruins, Wayne Cashman enjoyed his first visit to Memorial Gardens since he came here to play the North Bay Trappers as a member of the Oshawa
