# The Province — 1987-02-25 — p.16

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-02-25
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502036714/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 502036714

## Paragraphs

training with one bar and some metal plates." Meanwhile. B.C. mission spokesman John Furlong said B.C. had "no plans at present" to protest the eligibility of several hockey players on other teams. On Monday, the mission said it thought some teams were break-

HOCKEY NOTEBOOK Stars. The North Stars say it was a cash transaction but Esposito says the Rangers will be receiving a player or draft choice, the quality of which will be determined by his play and length of stay with the Stars. Maxwell, 29, was outstanding in Minnesota's 4-3 win over Montreal Monday, prompting TSN's Howie Meeker to say "Brad Maxwell played as good a game as I've ever seen him play.' MAXWELL has played for five NHL teams in his 10-year career, which is three short of the record for most teams in an NHL career. Chuck Arnason, Larry Hillman and Walt McKechnie hold the distinction of playing for eight different NHL teams. Seven players Bill Collins, Randy Holt, Mike McEwen, Larry Mickey, Leon Rochefort, Bobby Sheehan and goalie Gary Smith - have suited up for seven teams and 23 have played for six teams. ESPOSITO, WHO thinks oppos-

played a minimum of 10 games at that level before the Games begin. Robert Ferguson, the sport director for hockey, said he had heard as many as 87 players were rumored to be involved. However, he said that as of late yesterday, no protests had been filed.

Unlike some previous years, there's no overwhelming favorite in this season's B.C. Junior Hockey League playoffs. There's definitely no squad quite like last year's Penticton Knights, winners of two consecutive league titles and the first BCJHL club to win the Centennial Cup. But the two division champions, Richmond Sockeyes and Kelowna Packers, get the nod as favorites. Play began last night in three -seven division semifinals. In the Coastal Division, fourthplace finisher Nanaimo Clippers lost 7-4 in overtime (10 minute period) to the 38-14 Sockeyes. Second-place Langley Eagles open their semifinal tonight at 8 against

Langley coach Muzz MacPherson has a different perspective. "I think Richmond's in a class by itself," said MacPherson, who expects a tough series against Delta after splitting their seasonal series. "They were the class of our division," he added of the Sockeyes, who have several players with major junior experience. The Clippers lost all eight of their games with the defending Coastal champion Sockeyes but the . results, were close, and Richmond
