# The Abbotsford News — 1987-06-24 — p.15

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-06-24
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536588212?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536588212

## Paragraphs

The former Langley Eagles have finally landed at a new home - and it will be Chilliwack, not Richmond as first proposed. After hearing strenuous objections to their proposed move to Richmond, the B.C. Junior Hockey League team finalized a deal on Friday, June 12, that will see the club settle in the Fraser Valley City. Eagles had severed their longtime relationship with Langley last month, giving up their ice time at the Langley Civic Centre when no satisfactory practice times could be negotiated. But a proposal to move to Seafair Arena in Richmond met with stern disapproval from the rival Richmond Sockeyes, who play out of Richmond Arena. "We thought we could talk Richmond (Sockeyes) into setting up a rivalry, but they would have no part of it," said Eagles coach and general manager Buzz MacPherson. The new team, to be called the Chilliwack Eagles, has received approval from the league and Chilliwack Council. It will play out of Twin Rinks Arena in Sardis, one mile south of Chilliwack. "We regret moving out of Langley, but the Civic Centre couldn't accommodate us," said MacPherson. Prime icetime in the Chilliwack Coliseum has already been allocated to the still-un-named Chilliwack entry in the Pacific Northwest Hockey League. In other related news, Chilliwack's Dave Archibald, who scored 107 points for the Portland Winter Hawks of the Western Hockey League last season and was named the WHL's most sportsmanlike player, was drafted sixth overall in the National Hockey League's amateur draft by the Minnesota North Stars and Langley forward Neil Eisenhut1 was selected in the twelfth round by the Vancouver Canucks.
