# The Daily Herald — 1987-11-25 — p.46

**Publication:** The Daily Herald
**Date:** 1987-11-25
**Page:** 46
**Location:** Everett, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1085493668/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1085493668

## Paragraphs

I SAN DIEGO - Veteran forward Julle Veee of the San Diego Sockers drew a 32-day suspension without pay for slapping an assistant couch and for an unspecified prank on a recent road trip. Veee began serving a two-day suspension Tuesday for an undisclosed indiscretion during the Sockers' season-opening road trip to Wichita earlier this Tut :nth. The 30-day suspension. which will be served successively, was imposed for the altercation involving Veee and assistant coach Johan Aarnio. The fight occurred in San Diego on Sunday night, when the two car:. to blows after a game against the Minnesota Strikers.

Volunteers needed to conduct bald eagle survey in January By WAYNE KRUSE •Outdoor Writer Outdoor The National Wildlife Federation's is scheduled for Jan. 1-15, and the annual mid-winter bald eagle survey notebook Department of Wildlife is again looking for volunteers to help count The study estimates that more than the birds in Washington. Primary 300,000 kokanee (landlocked sockeye count days will be Jan. 8 and 9. salmon; sometimes called "silver Volunteers are assigned survey trout") remain alive in what's left of units approximately nine by 12 miles the the big reservoir after irrigation (10 minutes of latitude/longitude), drawdown and a prolonged drought. with the convenience of the partici- Rimrock has long been recognized pant and the needs of the survey in as Washington's premier kokanee mind. lake. Bureau of Land Management Each participant recelves a copy of officials estimated Rimrock earlier this year, be the survey summary report. Volun- however, that would teers last winter counted 1,795 bald drawn down completely by this time, straight year the highest total in the population of three million fish, A eagles 1:1 Washington, for the ninth thus killing the reservoir's estimated lower 48 states. small pool of 10,000 acre feet remains To volunteer for the survey, call or and State Wildlife Department biolowrite Dick Taylor, Nongame Wildlife gist Jim Cummins in Yakima Is Wildlife, Program, 600 Washington North Capitol Department Way, The department netted and moved of delighted. Olympia 98504; 586-1449. Lake 100,000 earlier kokance in the to year. adjacent With Clear those fish ready to be transferred back to A recent acoustic study of Rimrock Rimrock, plus the ones left alive, Reservoir by University of Washing- Cummins says the resource has the ton personnel turned up good news for spawning core necessary to achieve a the state's sport fishermen. relatively painless comeback.
