# The Abbotsford News — 1987-11-18 — p.19

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-11-18
**Page:** 19
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536570231?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536570231

## Paragraphs

by Alan Watson So close and yet . . . back 'to eight points out of a playoff position. A week in the B.C. Junior Hockey League which began so promising for the Abbotsford Falcons ended Sunday with the team back to realizing making up for a 1-9-1 start means only one thing hard work, and lots of it. Like, for the remaining 29 games of the regular season. Last Tuesday, the Falcons looked great in a 7-3 thumping of the Chilliwack Eagles. Saturday night at MSA Arena, they zoomed to a 3-1 first period lead against the second-place Richmond Sockeyes, but mental mistakes and costly turnovers resulted in an 8-4 setback. And Sunday in Juan de Fuca, against the Whalers who hold down the fourth and final playoff position in the Coastal Division, a tired Abbotsford team fell behind 6-2, battled back to 7-6 and lost it 8-6 after giving up an empty net goal. "We were enthused coming off the road and really pleased with our defensive game," said coach Jim Frost. "It seemed to carry over into the Chilliwack game and we played really well. It started us off well against Richmond, we made those mental mistakes and it hurt us. 1 It is disappointing." It didn't help matters that the Whalers went out and won three of four games to give themselves some breathing room, nor did it help matters that Sunday's game on the Island was Abbotsford's ninth in 17 days. However, Frost said the game plan is to carry on as usual. The team has improved drastically in the past month, and as Frost noted, "'We are so gol' dang close!" Against Richmond, the Sockeyes scored their first seven goals either shorthanded or on the powerplay, and Richmond coach Orland Kurtenback was breathing a little easier after watching his team snap a four-game losing streak. "We haven't been getting very good hockey out of our players," noted Kurtenbach. "We've been taking dumb penalties and getting ourselves in trouble. Tonight we got the individual efforts a team needs, which we hadn't been getting. We also played with a little cohesion, moved the puck and got some goals out of it."
