# Spokane Chronicle — 1987-07-31 — p.22

**Publication:** Spokane Chronicle
**Date:** 1987-07-31
**Page:** 22
**Location:** Spokane, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/569554550/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 569554550

## Paragraphs

However, because of high daytime temperatures, most anglers are now fishing early and late in the day. As the water temperature rises, fishing will deteriorate. But biologists believe the fishing will continue good in the lower Clearwater during most of August. The Clearwater will be cooler than the Snake. Trollers at Hayden and Pend Oreille now are fishing deep to hook big rainbows. Fishing has been slow. Dworshak Reservoir and Spirit Lake have been yielding kokanee. The landlocked sockeyes in Dworshak average more than 13 inches in length. Those in Spirit are 10 to 11 inches. FISHING GUIDE Bill Abbot of Hamilton said both the Bitterroot and Big Hole are continuing to provide fairly good fishing. He said his clients are averaging 20 to 35 trout a day on Royal Wulffs and hopper imitations. The Madison is the top producer in the West Yellowstone area. Jim Criner, owner of Bud Lilly's Trout Shop, said fly fishermen who have been on float trips with his guides have been averaging 35 trout a day on imitation caddisflies and small mayflies. The Yellowstone River from Yellowstone Lake to Taylor's Fork has been providing good fly fishing. Mike Lawson, owner of a fly shop in Last Chance, Idaho, said Henry's Fork has been producing fairly good fishing in the Harriman ranch. Tricos are just starting to hatch, he said, and hatches of caddisflies and Pale Morning Duns are continuing. The big trout, he said, are very selective.

Veteran offensive linemen George Yarno of Spokane has reported to Tampa Bay's NFL training camp.. - Former Washington nose tackle Scott Garnett was one of seven players the Buffalo Bills cut at their NFL rookie camp... Catcher Rich Gedman, who tore ligaments in his left, thumb, has been placed on 21-day disabled list by the Boston Red Sox... The Cincinnati Reds today purchased righthanded pitcher Jeff Montgomery from their Nashville farm team and will make a cut by tonight. Jacksonville basketball coach Bob Wenzel has resigned to become assistant coach with the NBA's New Jersey Nets.. Left wing Eddy Beers of the St. Louis Blues, who missed last season because of a preseason back injury, says he expects to retire from hockey.
