# Fort McMurray Today — 1987-01-26 — p.6

**Publication:** Fort McMurray Today
**Date:** 1987-01-26
**Page:** 6
**Location:** Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/738692385?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 738692385

## Paragraphs

through a maze of bodies to put the "I hadn't heard anything about Barons up 4-0. him," said Barons coach and "As funny as it seems, I still general manager Ivan Prediger. thought we'd had the better of the "They offered this guy, and I said play up to that point," said Hawks I'd take a look (at him). So far, I coach and general manager Peter like what I've seen." Driscoll, whose club occupies last Brian Shantz and Richard Van place in the Alberta Junior Hockey Ry scored the remaining Fort League's Northern Division. McMurray goals, while Kelly If Hobbema had any hope of Jones, Todd Gordon and Chad making a comeback, the Barons Kisslinger countered for the put that idea to rest for good over Hawks. the last five minutes of the second Oil Barons 7, Hawks 3 period. Hendry gave Prediger plenty of Hawks defenceman Brain reason to be impressed on Saturday Powell took a 5:00 major for a as well, scoring twice and helping deliberate high-sticking penalty at the Barons defeat Hobbema 7-3. 14:14. Not to let opportunity pass Jason Wood and Kress also each them by, the Barons knocked in had a pair of goals for Fort McMurthree goals to put the game away ray, and Shantz added a single. for keeps. Dale Raine, Jones and Pat Derek Johnson scored on a low Gordon replied for Hobbema, who shot along the ice, then AJHL trailed 2-1 and 4-2 by periods and leading scorer Lubo Dzurilla were outshot 38-30. snapped a beautiful wrist shot over Oil Barons Notes: Findlater's outstretched glove into Prediger said Hendry, who the top left-hand corner. comes to Fort McMurray from the Hendry notched his hat-trick in Richmond Sockeyes, attended the fitting style, waiting and waiting to training camp of the National freeze Findlater and finally lifting a Hockey League's Hartford Whalbackhand over the Hawks goalie to ers last fall. put Fort McMurray up 7-0. From what he's seen so far, the "(Saturday) I had some tough Terrace, B.C. native is impressed luck putting the puck in," said the Oil Barons. shifty left- -winger following "This club has a winning attiSunday's game. "But it sure tude," said Hendry. "I think we can worked better today. go a long way if we keep working Playing on a line with Brian hard like we are right now." Shantz at centre and Barry Kress on Hendry's outlook may revolve right wing, Hendry's given the around the fact that the Barons Barons an instant boost since winning streak now stands at three coming to the club from Richmond games, and the team sports a 5-3-1 in the deal for Dean Rutledge. record in the month of January.
