# The Daily Herald-Tribune — 1987-03-19 — p.6

**Publication:** The Daily Herald-Tribune
**Date:** 1987-03-19
**Page:** 6
**Location:** Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/731238479/?match=1&terms=%22Quesnel%20Millionaires%22
**Image ID:** 731238479

## Paragraphs

By MONTE STEWART Herald-Tribune staff No rest for the winners. Grande Prairie North Stars take to the ice again tonight, just two days after eliminating Fort St. John Huskies from the Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League playoffs. The Stars host Quesnel Millionaires in the first game of the best-of-seven PCJHL final (8:30 p.m.) at Johnny Macdonald Arena. The North Stars dumped the Huskies 7-5 in Fort St. John on Tuesday night in the seventh and deciding game of their semifinal series. "It would be nice to have another day or two's rest," said Grande Prairie coach Ken Head. "But when you go seven games, you expect to have to play right away. The first game of the final was pushed up from the weekend because Johnny Mac is booked for an ice carnival. Game 2 will be held tomorrow night. It will start at 9 p.m. If the teams split the first two encounters, the third game will be held in Beaverlodge (9 p.m. start) on Sunday night. If one team the first two, the third game will be sweeps held Quesnel next week. "We're ready to play," says Quesnel coach Tom Marsh, indicating his team didn't mind being advised of the first game on such short notice. "We were kind of geared up to leave (today) anyway." The Millionaires have been idle since eliminating four-time defending champion Prince George Spruce Kings last Friday in the other

Breaks could decide A's and Sevens final By ANGE DAGUI Herald-Tribune staff Last Tuesday, the Beaverlodge 77's sent a telegram to the Grande Prairie North Stars wishing them luck in the final game of their Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League final with the Fort St. John Huskies. Stars went on to defeat the Huskies 7-5 and open the PCJHL final tonight with the Quesnel Millionaires. Perhaps the 77's might receive a telegram from the Stars tonight when they play Game 3 of their bestof -seven Central Peace Hockey A's. League They final may with not the need the Grande luck, Prairie but SeW considering the relative parity between the Sevens and A's - it wouldn't hurt. With the Beaverlodge 77's dumping the Grande Prarie Athletics 8-4 on home ice in the series opener, and the latter returning the favor 9-3 last that the team who commits the fewer Tuesday, it has also become evident 7000 mistakes - including taking needless penalties - will probably prevail. The two teams, attempting to literally 'beat each other' every opportunity afforded them throughout the regular season and into the series' first game, realize that neither team will be intimidated. Although fighting majors were assested on two occasions Tuesday night, either incident could have been settled with merely roughing penalties. "We didn't have to play a physical game," said A's player-coach Bob Bedier. "'But our guys were ready to play physical if we had to." "It's nice to see the two teams play hockey for a change," added Bedier of what has been a heated rivalry throughout the season. "Being a new league, you want the two best teams to showcase the type of hockey that their capable of playing.' However, Beaverlodge assistantmanager Lawrence Hall feels his club's play Tuesday wasn't indicative of its its true capabilities. Staff Photo by Paul VanPeenen "They were playing our type of Last Tuesday night Grande Prairie's Howard Walker and Beavergame and they outmuscled us.' lodge's Clyde Goodswimmer showed how close the hockey will be "We'll get back to our hard- in the CPHL final. hitting style of play before it's all done," said Hall. "Man for man I think we're a we'd lose one or two . One game Although Grande Prairie evened beter team,' he explained. "It'll all means nothing. It's a seven-game the series i in an equal, if not more come down to mental attitude - series and the best team will win. convincing manner than Beaver- who wants to win it more. The best hockey is yet to come.' lodge's initial win, Hall feels his "Realistically, we didn't think Game 4 returns to Johnny Macdotroops are more talented. we'd win it four straight. We figured nald Arena on Sunday at 6:30 p.m.
