# Langley Advance — 1987-06-17 — p.5

**Publication:** Langley Advance
**Date:** 1987-06-17
**Page:** 5
**Location:** Langley, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536985543?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536985543

## Paragraphs

(Continued from 4a) muted to Langley to rebuild the team. The players followed and many expressed interest and the desire to work with this fa-. mous Coach. Muzz had taken Burnaby and Richmond to the top but could he take last place Langley to the top? joined the team executive. We decided to prepare a program but a late start and lack of support from the business community was disheartening. However, several sports fans took out ads and helped us put together a good program. Ironically, too many were more interested in how much business the ad would generate, than to see the community value, the support for the team and the goodwill for their business. We sought financial support from the Langley Township Council but they perceived the team as a "business" and denied d any support, did not grant concessions on ice rental, nor could we get much ice time to practice. Langley's team practiced in Richmond. We started to get some of the crowds back; some spirit was emerging in this first rebuilding year. Muzz Coached the team to 2nd place, a, wonderful achievement. Richmond Sockeyes went on to win B.C. championships, through to the Memorial Cup and we are sure their community support was paid off in aces, with the pride Richmond now has in their championship team. Muzz could do the same with Langley but the decision is now made to › abandon Langley which to those with pride in Langley and vision for the future will recognize is a true loss to the community. If Council could broaden their perspectives and recognize the team's potential to Langley, abandon the "face value" assumption that it is a commercial enterprise (technically it is so licenced but in reality it loses money), and exercise some influence over scheduling times to find a better and more harmonious balance, we would not be losing one of Langley's cherished possessions. So, where is the human cry from the Community? Apathy wins again. To many residents it will be no big deal: afterall, it's only a hockey team that
