# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-04-13 — p.16

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-04-13
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495193583/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 495193583

## Paragraphs

Rustlers rip Sockeyes to tie Centennial series

Berry, Roberts fired as Penguins clean house Associated Press Martha said players had lost conPITTSBURGH - Bob Berry was fidence in the coaches. fired as coach of the Pittsburgh The Penguins have missed the Penguins after three seasons of playoffs for the last five seasons, failing to make the National the last three of those under Berry. Hockey League playoffs, Penguins General manager Eddie Johnvice-president Paul Martha said ston endorsed the firings and will today. remain with the team, Martha said Assistant coach Jim Roberts also at a news conference. was released. Johnston, a former Penguins "I determined that we have made coach, has "made some bad deals, progress and improvement, but but he's made some good deals, that I had lost confidence in their too," he said. ability to get the team in the play- New coaches will be hired by the offs next season," Martha said. June 13 player draft, Martha said.

Sun News Services RED DEER, Alta. - Richmond Sockeyes have descended from hockey heaven with a thud. The Sockeyes, winners of 17 straight playoff games until they arrived here, are now on a twogame losing streak after 6-3 and 7-1 losses to Alberta champion Red Deer Rustlers on the weekend. The Red Deer victories evened the bestof-seven Centennial Cup tier two junior western st 2-2. "It's not a very good situation,' understated Richmond coach Orland Kurtenbach. "In the first two periods of (Sunday's) game, we did nothing but kill penalties. We've also got some injuries and we could have some guys suspended for gross misconducts and match penalties and things like that." According to Kurtenbach, the . Red Deer media has incited Rustler fans to harrass the Sockeyes at every turn. "It's a very, very inflammatory situation," said Kurtenbach. "In fact, it's becoming very dangerous. They've been throwing kinds of things at us like fish, golf balls and eggs. They had to rope off the area behind our bench and the RCMP was called in." Kurtenbach hopes to have highscoring Jason Phillips back in the lineup for Tuesday's fifth game here. Phillips hurt his knee in game two and hasn't played since. In Sunday's game, the 'Eyes also lost defenceman Stan Czenczek (charley horse) and winger Bill Hardy (dislocated shoulder) to injury while.bl blueliner Matt Hervey and forward Dean Rutledge face possible suspensions for running afoul of Alberta-style refereeing.
