# Spokane Chronicle — 1987-04-02 — p.32

**Publication:** Spokane Chronicle
**Date:** 1987-04-02
**Page:** 32
**Location:** Spokane, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/569561477/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 569561477

## Paragraphs

and Lake. W-Soff, 1-0. L- 0-2. 23,437 MOSES 3.80. Charlie Beau (Steiner) 5.00 3.80. Sockeye

TORONTO BLUE JAYS- Luis Aquino, pitcher, to Syracuse of the Internafional League. Released Bill Caudill, pitcher. National League ATLANTA BRAVES -Signed Graig Netties, third baseman, to a one-year contract. MONTREAL EXPOS-Outrighted John Stefero, catcher, to Indianapolis of the the American Association. NEW YORK -Placed Dwight Gooden, pitcher, on the 15-day disabled list. ST. LOUIS-Traded Andy Van Slyke, outfielder, Mike LaValliere, catcher, and Mike Dunne, pitcher, to the Pittsburgh. Pirates for Tony Pena, catcher. BASKETBALL National Basketball Association NEW YORK KNICKS-Signed Brad Wright, center, for the remainder of the season. FOOTBALL National Football League NEW YORK JETS- Kirk Springs, safety, to the Indianapolis Colts for an undisclosed conditional 1988 draft pick. HOCKEY National Hockey League NEW YORK RANGERS- Recalled Norm Maciver, defenseman, from New Haven of American Hockey League. COLLEGE BALL STATE -Named Rick- Majerus head basketball coach. BOSTON UNIVERSITY--Named Mike Gibson, assistant football coach, offensive coordinator. HARTFORD-Named Douglas Orr head soccer coach. KANSAS -Announced that Marty Pattin, baseball coach, will not return next season. -Named Matt Vonderbrink basketball coach. TULSA-Announced that the women's basketball program will be dropped and replaced with a women's soccer program. Named Bruce Palmbaum women's soccer coach in addition to his duties as men's soccer coach. WALSH -Named Lisa Fitch women's basketball coach. -Named Benny Dees basketball coach.
