# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-04-13 — p.7

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-04-13
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558335628?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558335628

## Paragraphs

### Region 240,3277 → 1360,3365

ALL RICHMOND SOCKEYES' CAN DO IS WATCH HELPLESSLY Rustlers' Rich Anderson (left) bounced the puck off goalie Jamie .

### Region 2634,2210 → 3196,5347

Red Deer Rustlers have a motto - 'Whatever it takes.' And that's what was required during the weekend as they posted back-to-back decisions over Richmond Sockeyes at the Arena, creating a 2-2 deadlock in the best-of-seven western Centennial Cup semifinal. Rustlers, with goaltender Ken Weiss turning in a magnificent performance, doubled the B.C. champions 6-3 Saturday, then zapped the visitors 7-1 Sunday in a chippy contest that featured 392 minutes in penalties, 221 to Richmond. The fifth game is Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. at the Arena. The weekend sweep was a complete turnaround from the first two games in Richmond, where Red Deer fell 11-4 and 6-4 and snapped a 17-game winning streak by the Sockeyes. "It took me one game to figure them out," smiled Rustler coach Larry Billows. "We had a couple of scouts tell us that Richmond would look strong the first game there, but that if we worked hard we could beat them in a best-of-seven series. "After watching them in Richmond, I had to agree. They're front-runners. I'm not predicting anything yet, but if they're going to win this series they're going to have to earn it. We're not going to let them waltz all the way to Humboldt (site of the 1987 Centennial Cup)." Sockeyes took the majority of the penalties Sunday out of frustration, based on bility to (1) solve netminder Weiss, and (2) manhandle the Rustlers. "We made good contact along the boards and in open ice," said Billows. "Richmond wasn't prepared for that. Maybe they don't hit like that in their league (BCJHL)." Brian Puhalsky, Tracy Georgsen and Rich Anderson - the later two on the power-play - staked Red Deer to a 3-0 lead and the hometown club, spurred on by 1,652 supporters, never looked back. Dixon Ward, Bob Duchak and Anderson doubled the Rustlers' margin in a wild second period that was delayed for 30 minutes by four on-ice battles, as well as a fracas behind the Richmond players bench that was instigated by a group of disorderly fans. Dave Tomlinson, with his fourth goal of the series, finally got the Sockeyes on the board at 1:39 of the third period, but Weiss shut the door the rest of the way.
