# The Province — 1987-03-19 — p.10

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-03-19
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502031445/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 502031445

## Paragraphs

Kelowna goaltender Dusty Imoo made the good pad save on Rutledge's shot but Hervey was there to flip the puck over him. "No way their man should have been in there for the rebound," admitted Bill Hogoboam, who coaches the Packers with Ed Ruff. Despite the loss, Hogoboam was pleased with the effort that followed Tuesday's 7-0 blowout loss. "Tonight we came to play," said Hogoboam. Hervey, who also collected an assist, started his Canadian journey four years ago with Langley Eagles after having been noticed in some visits to Canada for minor tournaments. He spent a season with Victoria Cougars in the Western Hockey League before being traded to the Lethbridge Broncos. He earned a free agent tryout with the Los Angeles Kings this season but was sent down to Flint in the International League. When players with contracts started getting sent down to Flint, Hervey was cut loose. He wound up with Richmond just before Christmas. It was quite a gift for the Sockeyes. The Packers got a break to tie the game at 7:43 of the third period when a shot deflected in past Richmond goaltender Frank Romeo off one of his own players and was credited to Mike Murinko. Jamie Kurki, Alex Paterson and Kelly Hurd had the other goals for Kelowna, which was outshot 43- 30. Bill Hardy, Rutherford, Dave Tomlinson and Rutledge had the other Richmond scores.

Packers 4 Sockeyes 5 (OT)

Hervey's score ends OT contest By FRANK LUBA Sports Reporter Rebounds and Los Angeles makes you think of basketball and the Lakers. Last night, though, it was hockey and the Richmond Sockeyes that were front and centre as L.A. native Matt Hervey converted a rebound in overtime to give his team a 5-4 decision over the Kelowna Packers at Richmond Arena. The win gave Richmond a 2-0 lead in the best-of-nine B.C. Junior Hockey League championship. Play resumes tomorrow and Saturday in Kelowna's Memorial Arena, a smaller ice surface the hard-hitting Sockeyes might use to their advantage. The experience that Hervey has collected in three seasons of major junior and one of junior A paid off in a big way when he followed Paul Rutherford and Dean Rutledge on their two-on-one breakaway.
