# Times Colonist — 1987-09-13 — p.27

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1987-09-13
**Page:** 27
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/509206967/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 509206967

## Paragraphs

Resler split time between Victoria and Nanaimo. The Clippers have nine players in their camp who are on the Cougars' WHL protected list or have been referred to Nanaimo by Victoria. Cougar general manager Al Patterson says he'd like to have between four and six affiliated players with the Clippers through the season. *The affiliation gives us a base for players that can help us at some point in the season or even the following year," says Patterson. Players can move between the clubs until WHL rosters are frozen on Jan. 10. The Cougars usually attempt to develop 16- and 17-year-olds in Nanaimo. That can be a consideration for the Clippers who are part of a league which allows an unlimited number of 20-year-olds. Last season, the Richmond Sockeyes carried 10 players aged 20. "Some teams gear specifically to the 20-year-olds," said Nanaimo coach Rich Dutka, "but I see no reason carrying younger players if the talent is there. In fact, it tests me as a coach. I feel that there's more to it than simply molding a team t to follow a style of play. To coach successfully, you must also be able to develop the skills and attitudes of players. That's an opportunity I have here." Among the players demonstrating their skills Saturday were Micah Aivazoff, who scored three goals for the Cougars. Singles were supplied by Joel Savage, Jackson Penney and Randy Olsen. Dan Skene and David Young produced a goal each for Nanaimo.
