# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-05-07 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-05-07
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325313295/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 325313295

## Paragraphs

Sockeyes bounced

The Tigers got a home run from starting pitcher Dallas Scott in an 8-5 triumph over the Dodgers. Michael Petersen relieved Scott on the mound in the fourth inning. Dean Tait tripled for the Dodgers. The Dodgers, coached by Jim Murcheson, who rushed to the ballfield in his dirty work clothes, tied their first league game 3-3 with Elks Red Sox. Said Hub City third baseman Kyle Clarke, 10, "We'll probably do okay this year. This. is my third year. I like stealing bases the best because you get to stretch your legs." Clarke, who also plays soccer and golf, added, "'The coach is great. He's taught me a lot." The Dodgers played Branch-10 Legion Tigers Wednesday night, a team with a unique system of ensuring equal playing time. Assistant coach Ken Ferguson,

HUMBOLDT, Sask. (CP) The Humboldt Broncos won a place in the final of the Centennial Cup junior A hockey championship tournament Wednesday night with a 6-1 victory over the Richmond Sockeyes. The losers, with a round-robin record of 2-1, will meet the Pembroke Lumber Kings (1-2) tonight's semifinal. The final will be played Saturday night. Bill- McDougall and Garnet Kazuik led Humboldt atwo apiece, while Duncon Ryhorchuk and Curtis Chamberlin had singles. The win gave Humboldt, from Saskatchesan, a round-robin portion of the tournament. Stan Czenczek scored the Richmond goal. The two teams were tied 1-1 after the first period but Humboldt jumped ahead to 4-1 after the second. The Broncos outshot the British Columbia champion Sockeyes 37-19 in a scrappy game that saw Humboldt take 15 of 27 minors. Both teams took two five-minute majors and two game misconducts. Humbolt also picked up two 10-minute misconducts.
