# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-04-22 — p.20

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-04-22
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558336723?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558336723

## Paragraphs

### Region 208,3415 → 838,6717

Wit must fight the No. 1 contender keep his title. Sockeyes even series HUMBOLDT, Sask. (CP) Jason Phillips scored three goals as the Richmond Sockeyes beat the Humboldt Broncos 5-3 in a Centennial Cup junior hockey playoff game Tuesday night. The victory tied the best-ofseven tier-two western final series 1-1. The third game will be played tonight in Humboldt. Stan Czenczek and Brian Kozak scored the other goals for the Sockeyes, the champions of British Columbia. The Saskatchewan champion Broncos, who had a 45-31 edge in shots on goal, got goals from Dave Shyiak, Kevin Luke and Bill McDougall. The teams were tied 2-2 after the first period and Richmond took a 4-2 lead in the second period. The Sockeyes took 14 of 26 minor penalties and Humboldt the game's only 10-minute misconduct. Paopao heads east REGINA (CP) - Saskatchewan Roughriders traded veteran quarterback • Joe 1 Paopao to the Ottawa Rough Riders Tuesday for second-year quarterback Tom Burgess. Paopao, 31, a 10-year pro. ranked seventh in the Canadian Football League last year. He completed 207 of 363 passes for 2,647 yards, 13 touchdowns and 24 interceptions. He appeared in 15 games. The Long Beach State product joined Saskatchewan from British Columbia Lions in 1984 as a free agent. Paopao holds two Saskatchewan passing records with 38 completions against Montreal on July 19. 1985. and most vaards passing in a game with 438 against Toronto on July 12. 1985. "I have a great deal of respect for Joe Paopao and I have also felt that he did an outstanding job." coach John Gregory said in a news release. Tom Burgess, 23, completed 95 of 199 passes for 1.199 yards, five touchdowns and 12 interceptions in his rookie season.
