# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-06-10 — p.14

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-06-10
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558463019?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558463019

## Paragraphs

Kinch, a Red Deer contractor, own the ted. "But there are a lot of other ways of Rustlers. They're both successful busi- making money like putting on special nessmen, but based on the team's budget dinners - that we weren't able to explore of $125,000 last season, aren't able to because we didn't have enough help. bankroll the Rustlers on their own. "If we get a couple more local investors, The club broke even last year, thanks to we'll be able put on the special money15 home playoff games, five against the making promotions. There's no way Reg BCJHL and eventual Canadian champion and I will be able to handle it alone. We Richmond Sockeyes. Nearly all of the don't want to be left high and dry." post-season games drew in excess of 1,500 Billows, who moved behind the Rustlers fans. bench in February, is interested in reRustlers' budget for the forthcoming turning, as is Chapman, who coached the AJHL season will undoubtedly be larger, team to the Centennial Cup (Canadian) not only due to everyday rising costs, but title in 1980. Chapman then moved on to because neither of the leading coaching the Western Hockey League, where he candidates Larry Billows nor John was involved with the Lethbridge Broncos Chapman will come cheap. Likely, both and Calgary Wranglers. will command in the vicinity of $35,000 Parsons, who is perhaps undecided as to per year. which man he'll turn to, wouldn't confirm "Winning the league, and in the process his favorite, but may do so Thursday. getting so many home playoff games, was "We'll clear up all the muddy waters at the key to breaking even," Parsons admit- the press conference," he promised.
