# The Province — 1987-04-30 — p.69

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-04-30
**Page:** 69
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502021469/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 502021469

## Paragraphs

tournament that begins Saturday in Humboldt, Sask. There were two key mistakes that Richmond coach Orland Kurtenbach felt gave Humboldt the victory. The first incident occurred seconds after Dave Tomlinson had scored to put the Sockeyes ahead 3-2 at 7:44 of the third period. Tony Bobbitt took a penalty for closing his hand on the puck and Bill McDougall, the feisty centre the fans love to hate, connected on the power play for his second goal of the night - the tying goal. The second incident came early in the 10-minute (fulltime) overtime when Steve Jaques took a five-minute match-penalty for head-butting McDougall behind the play in one of the Humboldt corners. McDougall picked up a holding minor on the play but the Broncos scored while the teams were playing four-a-side and then just kept the pressure on the Sockeyes with their power play. At the least, Jaques who was with the Broncos earlier this year faces a one-game suspension. He may be out longer. "Those two plays cost us the game," said Kurtenbach. "We let it slip by. We had it (the championship) right there." Wilkie to return LONDON (AFP) - David Wilkie, former world record holder and Olympic champion, wants to make a comeback to competitive swimming. The 33-year-old Scot has applied to the Scottish Amateur Swimming Association for permission to return to the amateur scene and has been invited by the association to discuss his application. Wilkie won the 200-metre breaststroke at. the 1976. Olympics.:
