# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-02-12 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-02-12
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324459826/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 324459826

## Paragraphs

to toe with most of the league's policeman. Stotts of course gained a pretty good reputation when he knocked out Abbotsford ruffian Troy Kaye. Darren Biggs has quick hands, but since whipping a Vernon Laker last season, hasn't had to drop his gloves much. As for penalty Craig Frankford, he's fearless, but hardly a Mike Tyson on skates. He hasn't been clearly beaten, but hasn't recorded too many decisive wins. NOTES AND QUOTES: ExClipper Tony Feltrin, whose pro hockey career was ended by an eye injury, is now scouting for New York Rangers. Feltrin started this season with New Haven of the AHL, but his vision was impaired to the point where he felt uncomfortable on the ice. He is also attending Malaspina College . Ian Ramsay is back home in Nanaimo after a back injury forced him to leave Murrayfield Racers of the British Hockey League's premier division. The former Clipper star was playing on a forward line with Scottish star Tony Hand and was in the top 10 in scoring and penalty minutes ... Don Yewchin of Nanaimo has switched teams the British league's first division. Yewchin's playing for Oxford after leaving Bournemouth Stags, who are going broke and had stopped paying him... Frankford was rather surprised to receive a letter from Ferris State, who expressed some interest in him. He feels their scouts must have watched him on a good night. He plans to frame the letter ... Larry Quiring of CHUB Radio lived out a boyhood dream when he practiced with the Clippers Wednesday morning. He failed to score a goal, however.

Defending A division champion Esquimalt Thunderbirds are one of 20 teams entered in the sixth annual Nanaimo Old Tubbers Hockey Tournament this weekend. The five division, 20-team tourney opens Friday afternoon with action at both Frank Crane and Civic Arenas. The host Tubbers will play out of the C division, while Nanaimo Bastions will compete in A, Nanaimo Old Seaman in D and Northbrook Restaurant in the E section. Surrey Sidewinders, B division winners last year, have moved up to the A division this year. Cyclone Taylor Sports of Kitsilano round out the A side. Campbell River Oldtimers won the C championship in 1986 and will

What with most of the NHL players getting the week off, what better time to discuss the best fighters in hockey today. I've watched my hockey fight tape about six times now and Bob Nystrom of the Islanders gets my vote for one of the best NHL scrappers. He beats every guy who comes his way in the tape I've got. There are other tapes of course. Take Sandy Vigilante, a 33-year-old New Jersey postal worker. The man has more than 150 hours of hockey fight footage and more than 1,000 fight tapes. His favorite fighter of all time is the late Bob Gassoff, who I had the pleasure of watching as a junior defenceman in Vernon in the early 1970's. Vigilante, in a recent interview with Stan Fischler, said his current favorites are Wendel Clark of the Leafs, Jim Kyte of the Jets and Larry Playfair of the Kings. He also likes Curt Fraser and Al Secord of the Blackhawks, while naming the Rangers' George McPhee as "the fighter with the most guts in the league." Vigilante says a bout between Dave Richter of the North Stars and Steve Dykstra of Sabres was one best last season. Richter landed heavy lefts and almost iced Dykstra, but the Sabre blueliner managed to recover and make it a close one. Mark Topaz, a 28-year-old statistician from Rockaway Park, New York, often confers with Vigilante. Topaz even has an all-time top three fight collection. 1. Nick Fotiu, Rangers, VS Jack Mcllhargey, Vancouver, 1977, Madison Square Garden: "Each player threw 25 punches until the linesmen broke

Photo Contributed Nanaimo Old Tubbers Hockey Club, from Knight. Back, Frank Cooper (manager), Neil left, front, Gary McDonald, Ken Lamont, Al Ronie, Vic Osis, Wilf Mousseau, Don Har-

QUEBEC (CP) - KLM was grounded Wednesday night. It was cool and clear in Quebec City, but the top line of the Soviet national hockey team - KrutovLarionov-Makarov - never got going during the long-awaited first game of the Rendez-Vous 87 series. A superb defensive effort by the NHL all-stars resulted in a 4-3 victory over the Soviets, the current world and Olympic champions. Centre Igor Larionov, rightwinger Vladimir Krutov and leftwinger Sergei Makarov, who have combined for goals over the years against the NHL, was virtually shut out. A strong effort by the NHL defencemen during four Soviet power plays and the excellent defensive work of the checking line of Mark Messier and Glenn Anderson of the Edmonton Oilers and Kirk Muller of, 4 the New Jersey Devils stumped the Soviets for most

one-half game Laimbeer swished another 18-footer What's happened to the home apart in the torrid Central Division to make it 114-107 with 2:26 left. court advantage in the National race, thanks to outstanding per- Pacers 121 Suns 105 Basketball Association? formances by Dominique Wilkins of Person, whose previous best was There were five games Wednes- the Hawks and Bill Laimbeer of the 34 points, had 21 by halftime and day night and the home teams, Pistons. added 12 more in a pivotal third which had won only 176 of 538 Wilkins scored 35 points and period. John Long's jumper put the games, lost each time. Among the grabbed 13 rebounds, in Atlanta's Pacers ahead to stay 61-59 in the winners were Atlanta and Detroit, 109-82 rout hapless Los quarter. A short time later, Angeles Clippers. Laimbeer scored Person's three-point goal made it nine of his 30 points in overtime as 67-63. Whalers win Detroit The top beat performance, Philadelphia 123-113. however, eighth The on the victory road was this the season, Pacers' their was turned in by Indiana rookie most in the last six years. Walter By The Canadian Press Chuck Person, who ca- Davis paced Phoenix with 23 points. Juan de Fuca Whalers got two reer-high 42 points, including six Bucks 127 Knicks 104 goals each from Mike Barkley and three-point goals in as many at- Jack Sikma and John Lucas esSheldon Nohr as they upset tempts, as the Pacers beat the tablished season highs with 28 and second-place Langley Eagles 5-2 in Phoenix Suns 121-105. 27 points, respectively, and keyed a a B.C. Junior Hockey League Elsewhere, Milwaukee trounced 22-4 third streak. New York's Coastal Division encounter. New York 127-104 and Washington Patrick Ewing scored 11 of his 29 In Richmond, the league-leading whipped San Antonio 133-108. points during a 13-5 spurt that gave Sockeyes, trounced the Abbotsford Mike Woodson and Michael Cage the Knicks a 79-73 lead. 13-3. each had 16 points for the Clippers, Bullets 133 Spurs 108 In Langley, Juan de Fuca, which who lost for the 40th time in 47 Moses Malone scored 32 points, held period leads of 2-1 and 5-2, got games. including 17 in the third period for a single goal from Todd Sawtell. Pistons 123 76ers 113 Washington. Jeff Malone and San Eagles Verne Kinley and Gord In addition to his 30 points, Antonio's Walter Berry each had 24 McInnes scored on goalie Tim Ren- Laimbeer grabbed 20 rebounds. points. ton, who made 35 saves for the fif- Thomas added 29 points for The Malones got things started th-place Whalers. the Pistons while Philadelphia's early with Jeff firing away from the Dave Rawson stopped 27 shots in Maurice Cheeks scored 31. outside to score 18 points in the first the first two periods while Jamie In the overtime, Laimbeer scored half. Moses, meanwhile, controlled Stewart blocked nine shots in the on an 18-footer, Thomas connected the inside and finished the half with third for Langley. from three-point range and 14 points.

Former Nanaimo Clipper netminder Stacey Nickel was traded Wednesday to Western Division leading Kamloops Blazers in a three-player Western Hockey League deal. Nickel, 20, went from Regina Pats to the Blazers in return for defenceman Chris Tarnowski, 20, and goaltender Rob McKinley, 19. Nickel, a White Rock product, had a 15-15-2 record with one shutout and a 4.58 goals against average with the fifth place Eastern Division Pats.
