# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-01-08 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-01-08
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324854096/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 324854096

## Paragraphs

By The Canadian Press Rob Brown scored once and drew four assists to- lead Kamloops Blazers to a 10-4 Western Hockey League win over Victoria Cougars before over 1,500 fans at Victoria Memorial Arena. The first place Blazers jumped to a 3-0 lead by 2:08 of the first period, completed the opening stanza with a 6-1 bulge and led 10-2 after 40 minutes. The Cougars had two unanswered goals in the third period which featured four fights and the ejection of Blazer Kevin Pickell. Robin Bawa and Mark Recchi each scored twice .for Kamloops while single goals came from Kelly Para, Ron Shudra, Dave Marcinyshyn, Len Mark and' Darcy Norton. Ken Priestlay scored twice to lead the Cougars while Clayton, Young and Guy Burr added singles. Dave Archibald padded his Western Hockey League stats Wednesday night as the Portland Winter Hawks skated to an easy 8-3 victory over the Spokane Chiefs. Archibald now has 26 goals and 33 assists for 59 points. Helping Archibald in the scoring department were Dan Woodley, Glen Wesley, Thomas Bjuhr, Brian Gerrits and Troy Pohl. Grant Delcourt led the Chiefs. with two third period goals. Sean Krakiwsky scored the other goal for Spokane which trailed 2-1 after the first period and 6-1 after 40 minutes. Goalie Glen Seymour made 42 saves in a solid performance for the visiting Winter Hawks while Troy Gamble stopped 31 shots for the Chiefs. Elsewhere, Medicine Hat Tigers beat Calgary Wranglers 6-5 as Rob Dimaio scored at 6:31 of overtime to hand the Wranglers their fifth loss in a row at home, while Saskatoon Bladers got a goal from Todd McLellan at 16:29 of the third period to pull out a 5-4 victory over Brandon Wheat Kings. SOCKEYES WIN & Meanwhile, in Richmond, Dave Tomlinson scored two goals, in-» cluding the winher, to lead the Sockeyes to a 5-3 victory over the Juan de Fuca Whalers in a B.C. Junior Hockey League game Wednesday night. Jason Talo, Paul Rutherford and Brian Kozak, into an empty net, were the other Sockeye snipers, Mike Barkley, Bruce Courtnall and Graham Bewley replied for the Caps, who trailed 1-0 after the first period but evened the score at 1-1 after 40 minutes. Both teams got solid goaltending with Glen Pencer backstopping the winners with a 38-save performance and Tim Renton making 44, saves for the losers.
