# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-03-17 — p.17

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-03-17
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495098214/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 495098214

## Paragraphs

.. Richard Brodeur is Vancouver's nominee for the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy, an annual award for perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey . . . If it seems that opponents lash out at Garth Butcher for no reason it's because there is a reason. The Canuck defenceman is one of the league's best needlers. Butcher had Bob Probert in a rage when he declined a fistic invitation by the Detroit tough guy in the Canucks' 7-4 win last week. Butcher told Probert: "You get on the ice so seldom, I didn't know who you were.' Hard-luck Canuck farmhand Taylor Hall is out of the Fredericton lineup with another knee injury, his second this season . . . Stan Smyl has gone 19 games without a goal .. . Buffalo Sabres' acting captain Mike Foligno can't understand why Tom Watt's coaching ability is being questioned. "Tom Watt is a pretty knowledgable hockey person. Every time Vancouver has played us they've had a game plan and they've stuck to it."

New coach Experienced defence the key big boost as in Sockeyes' face best-of-nine Competing a best-of-nine playoff series brings back fond memories for Bassett for opener Orland against Kurtenbach, Kelowna who Packers takes in his the B.C. Richmond Junior Sockeyes Hockey into League tonight's final. Sun News Services "I haven't been involved in one since 1953-54 when I was playing junior Comeback-minded Carling Bas- for Prince Albert," the Sockeyes' coach was saying Monday. sett of Toronto struggled in the sec- "We met the Flin Fion Bombers and the series went the distance. Flin ond set but had enough left to defeat Flon beat us in overtime in the ninth game. I have no reason to think our South African Elna Reinach 6-1, 7-5 series with Kelowna won't go the limit." Monday night in the first round of The Sockeyes and Packers were the class of their respective divisions the Virginia Slims women's tennis this past season, but Kelowna did sweep Richmond in their two regular tournament in Dallas. season meetings. Bassett had lost two previous "We haven't played them since November," added Kurtenbach, a first-round matches this year and former Vancouver Canuck captain and coach. "In the last couple of was concerned about Reinach, months, we've picked up some experienced defencemen in Mike whose highest ranking last season Claringbull and Matt Hervey (20-year-olds) - so we'll see how much was 55th. we've improved." The 19-year-old Canadian rose as Game time tonight at Richmond Arena is 7:30, with game two going high as eighth in the computer Wednesday. same time, same place. The series shifts t Celowna on rankings in March 1985. However, Friday. in May 1986, her father, John, a Canadian sports executive, died of
