# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-09-26 — p.14

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-09-26
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558457835?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558457835

## Paragraphs

overall depth is better this season, only one veteran defenceman, with four exthough." perienced rearguards set to go against Veteran forwards Jay Glass and Cam NAIT. Bowles have enjoyed impressive camps, as "It's important that we have a little have newcomers Dan Gunton, who played stronger lineup against NAIT," explained with Prince George of the Peace Caribou Ferchuk. "Mentally, it would be more of a junior loop last winter, and Bill Hardy, a factor if we got blown out by NAIT than member of last season's Centennial Cup Camrose." champion Richmond Sockeyes. Matt Cassidy of Stettler and returnee Ferchuk feels Bowles, if he stays healthy Ward Willson will share netminding duties and plays at the top of his game, should tonight, while Glenn Raeburn of Red Deer. a goal per who has spent the past two years at Ferris average "A lot of our success will depend on State University, and Lyle Mast will tend whether Cam puts the puck in the net," in- the nets Sunday. sisted the coach. "Cassidy's been probably the biggest surReturnee Darryl Jensen and rookies prise in goal," said Ferchuk. "He's really Kevin Forsen, who split last season between improved and he has a legitimate chance of Camrose College and Hobbema of the making the club." AJHL, and Darwin McClelland of Sylvan At the same time, however, Ferchuk adLake, have looked good on defence. mitted none of the four goaltenders has esFerchuk will use half his returning for- tablished himself as number one.
