# The Province — 1987-03-18 — p.15

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-03-18
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502029449/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 502029449

## Paragraphs

Packers 0 Sockeyes 7

Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou? In goal for the Richmond Sockeyes, so don't bother him, Juliet, because it's playoff time in the B.C. Junior Hockey League.

**If this game (tonight) doesn't get them going, I don't know what will." Motivation was certainly no problem for Romeo, a 20-year-old native of Revelstoke who compiled a 3.82 average for the Packers last season but was deemed expendable. ** (It was the) best feeling I've ever had in my hockey career," said Romeo of the win. After being let go by Kelowna, he tried out with Victoria Cougars of the Western Hockey League. Two weeks later he headed to Vernon and the Lakers, but before he could be signed the Sockeyes picked him up as a free agent. He's one of nine 20-year-olds on the Sockeyes, who played nearly flawless hockey. Dave Thomlinson paced the winners with two goals while Jason Philips potted the game winner, against Kelowna goalie Lucien Carignan, who was replaced by 16- year-old Dusty Imoo for the third period. The Sockeyes, who held a comfortable 34-27 edge in shots, also got goals from Bill Hardy, Mike Claringbull, Mike McCormick and Steve Jaques. NOTES Attendance at last night's game was estimated at just under 1,000. Tickets for Friday and Saturday's games in Kelowna are at a premium but some might be available through the Sockeyes.

stopped 27 shots to anchor the Sockeyes in a 7-0 victory against his former team, the Kelowna Packers, in the opening game of the best-of-nine championship series. Play between Sockeyes, Coastal Division champions, and the Interior Division-winning Packers resumes tonight at 7:30 p.m. at Richmond Arena. There was only a hint of drama in last night's blowout. Richmond led just 1-0 after one period, but scored 12 seconds into the second period and added four more goals before Kelowna could retreat to the dressing room. Ed Ruff, who coaches Kelowna with Bill Hogaboam, felt it was the Packers' worst game of the year. "They weren't intense and they weren't ready for the game," said Ruff of his squad, which compiled a league best 45-5-2 won-lost-tied record. Motivation won't be a problem again, says Ruff.
