# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-04-03 — p.68

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-04-03
**Page:** 68
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495085411/?match=1&terms=%22Quesnel%20Millionaires%22
**Image ID:** 495085411

## Paragraphs

Sockeyes set for challenge from 'green' Millionaires By ELLIOTT PAP Delta and Kelowna. They call themselves the Million- "We're skaters and hard aires and they will have to play like workers," said good to ad- Bill Fowler Quesnel Thursday. general hot currency if they hope vance along Cup tier "But we're going in the Centennial manager trail. pretty green two junior hockey against Richmond.' Quesnel Millionaires, champions of the Peace Cariboo, league, meet The Sockeyes' roster is stacked Richmond Sockeyes, kings of the with nine 20-year-olds and at least B.C. Junior circuit, in the best-of- five players with more than one three Mouat Cup series beginning year of major junior experience. tonight (7:30) at Richmond Arena. The Millionaires counter with two The Millionaires, who finished fourth in the six-team PCJHL, 20-year-olds, no major junior veterans and only three players who are knocked off Prince George Spruce and Grande Prairie North even on a major junior team's proKings 4-2 tected list. Stars 4-1 in their best-of-seven league playoffs. All games in the series will be The Sockeyes, meanwhile, played at Richmond Arena, with romped through the B.C. Junior game two Saturday at 7:30 and without a loss, sweeping Nanaimo, game three, if necessary, Sunday.
