# Star-Phoenix — 1987-04-25 — p.43

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-04-25
**Page:** 43
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512311584/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 512311584

## Paragraphs

There was a time when Orland Kurtenbach found few things less appealing than earning a living as a hockey coach. Fired from his post as coach of the Vancouver Canucks after the 1978 season, Kurtenbach kissed hockey good-bye, choosing to settle into life as an insurance broker in British Columbia. Now the 50-year-old native of Cudworth is giving coaching another shot, after being lured out of retirement this year to guide the Richmond Sockeyes of the British Columbia Junior Hockey League. Success has come quickly for the Sockeyes, who lead the Humboldt Broncos 2-1 in the -of-seven Abbott Cup series, with the fourth game being held in Richmond tonight. wanted to see if I still enjoyed the game or not," said Kurtenbach, who had a career coaching record of 36-62-27 with Vancouver. "When I left the Canucks' coaching position, I had quite a sour taste in my mouth. I wasn't happy with the situation. But I have a nice bunch of kids here and I'm enjoying hockey again. "It's more of a relaxed situation now. I haven't put any pressure on myself. And I enjoy dealing with the kids, not only in terms of hockey - although it's satisfying to see them progress from the start of the year to now - but also helping them with the personal things.' That is the style of Kurtenbach, a soft-spoken gentleman whose big-league demeanor is a welcome addition to the ranks of junior hockey. Kurtenbach is the epitome of class behind the Sockeyes bench, and that characteristic has rubbed off on his players,
