# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-09-11 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-09-11
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/326179054/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 326179054

## Paragraphs

Staff Writer It's been a while since Pat Hodgins was considered a veteran: The Lake Cowichan product has climbed the hockey ladder extremely fast, moving from Pee Wee to Bantam to Nanaimo Clippers in the space of three seasons. Hodgins will be in the Clipper lineup tonight when they play host to the Western Hockey League Victoria Cougars in exhibition action at Civic Arena (8 p.m.). Hodgins was being given a decent shot at cracking the lineup of the Cougars this season, but the 17- year-old centre decided to. come back to the Clippers to get his Grade 12 education and gain another year of junior experience. Hodgins, who recently returned from a trip to Czechoslovakia with the Pacific Region Under 18 team, made the decision to stay in Nanaimo during the tour. "I was going to try out in Victoria, but during the trip I talked to some of the guys and the coaches, said Hodgins, who scored 10 goals and 29 points in 40 games last season. "I've always wanted to get my Grade 12 education, and I wouldn't have been able to with Victoria. I wanted to come back ands have a good season and gain some confidence. I like Nanaimo lot. The fans are great and it's a nice place to live.' Hodgins was named to the Under 18 team last spring and returned from Czechoslovakia a week ago Sunday. The team, which featured BCJHL players like Mike Barkley (Vernon), Brad Pascal (Chilliwack) and Jason Talo (Richmond), was winless in six starts in Czechoslovakia, losing three games each to the national Under 17 and Under 18 teams. "The Under 18 team is one of the top two in the world, and the Under 17 team has never lost a game,' said Hodgins. "Our natural talent was really good, but we would have done a lot better if we had had some practice before we went.'
