# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-02-27 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-02-27
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324474820?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 324474820

## Paragraphs

Staff Writer To longtime Clipper fans, it may be kind of funny to see Bill Hardy dressed in black and red instead of orange and white. The ex-Clipper now plays for Richmond Sockeyes, who will be at Civic Arena to face the Clippers tonight in game three of the B.C. Junior Hockey League Coastal Division best of seven semi-final series. Richmond holds a 2-0 lead consecutive wins on home ice Tuesday and Wednesday. Game three is slated for 8 p.m., and a crowd of over 1,300 is expected. Hardy, who wore Clipper colors for four years, after coming up through the Nanaimo minor hockey system, decided to play for a different team this season in hopes of securing a college scholarship. Last season, Hardy had his best season as a junior, scoring 39 goals and 72 assists, but on a team that finished below .500 and third in the standings. This season, the six-feet, 180- pounder saw his point totals drop, with 19 goals and 33 assists.Hardy, although unsuccessful in his attempt to get a scholarship so far, still feels he made the right move. "It's probably true that I would have got more points and ice time in Nanaimo, but I don't regret the move," said Hardy. "'There's still the playoffs. That's why I left Nanaimo, so I could be on a winning team.' Hardy, a top sniper with Nanaimo last season, found himself in the middle of the pack with Richmond, behind such prolific pointgetters as Dave Tomlinson, Rob Clarke and Bryan Moller. JOB HAS CHANGED He has seen, his duties slightly changed, to where he now plays more of an all-around role for the Sockeyes. "My role is to be in the corners and grind,' said Hardy. *(Linemates) Brian Kozak and Jason Phillips are very talented with the puck. I try and get them the puck from the corner and then get open." Richmond coach Orland Kurtenbach, in his first year of coaching the Sockeyes, did not see Hardy play last season, but got good

the pro- SPORT He's smacked 12 home runs and is sporting a .418 batting to go through, and what the skips average, third best in the league. have to decide. It takes me inHis parents, George and side the game and closer to the Evelyn Rintala, of Nanaimo, and curling fans." their friends, Bob and Bev Rauter will handle play-byWilliams, of Cassidy, visited play as TSN covers the Scott New Zealand in December. Tournament of Hearts from "I'm having good time but Lethbridge, the Labatt Brier I'm looking forward to returning from Edmonton, the world men's home and playing ball back in championships from B.C. Place Port Alberni," said Don. "I en- and the national curling trials joy the relaxed atmosphere on from Calgary. the ball field and the slower pac- Just for the record, the world ed lifestyle in New Zealand." championship will be held on a The Derori team plays league specially constructed ice surface games Wednedays, Saturdays with seating for 9,000 inside the and Sundays, playing as many massive dome. as four games on a Sunday. The team trains almost every night of the week. Rob Sunderman of Clearwater, B.C., a pitcher with Port Alberni last year, is Rintala's roommate. Sunderman had a 0.71 earned run average and a .300 batting average at this writing. The Derori team is stacked to say the least as they feature nine of the league's top 11 hitters. In addition to the North Shore League, Derori plays in the national league which runs until the end of March. The national loop consists of the top 12 New Zealand club teams. Rintala is employed by Scott Pac P and O International Movers, handling mainly furniture. A former captain with Richmond Sockeyes of the B.C. Junior Hockey League, Rintala Photo Contributed started his major fastball career Don Rintala: in New Zealand with Gentleman G's of the Nanaimo Fastball League. . Reporter Merv Unger . If you're a curling fan, asked me to mention he was TSN offers some of the best TV leading the Daily Free Press coverage. Lucky 21 Hockey Draft. Sorry And Vie Rauter actually does a Merv, I can't do that. pretty good job calling the Just for the record, Unger (his play-by-play. son Blaine made the, crucial After broadcasting 100 hours of picks) has 594 points, thanks to curling on 1 TSN last season, the his choice of goaltender (Mike 32-year-old Rauter decided to try Liut). Most entrants took Bob out the sport himself this year. Froese of the Flyers based on "This year I've really gotten last year's win totals so Unger into it," said Rauter. "I'm curl- looks good. ing twice a week. Not so much He's just one point ahead of out of preparation for my Geoff Murdoch and 11 in front of season, but because I really en- Grant Thompson. I'm ninth at joy the game. It gives me an 561, while my cohort Al Cameron idea of what the sweepers have is 32nd at 512.
