# Star-Phoenix — 1987-01-23 — p.29

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-01-23
**Page:** 29
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512240127/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 512240127

## Paragraphs

had positioned himself behind the formerly of the Penticton net to play the puck as it came Knights. Five other league around the boards, could not get records may also be within back in time to make the save. Blair's grasp before the 1986-87 season ends. He now trails Kidd Around the League: Regina by only nine points for career Pats have acquired free agent points by a defenceman . . Some Darin MacInnes, a 20-year-old players who started the year in goaltender with the varsity team the WHL are now toiling in the at Cornell University. MacInnes, B.C. league, including Bruce from Kent, Conn., was Cornell's Courtnall. The brother of National starting goalie this season but had Leaguers Russ and Geoff, Courtto quit because his grades were nall started the year in Victoria, not high enough. The Minnesota but is now with Juan De Fuca North Stars selected MacInnes in Whalers. Defencemen Kirk Phare the seventh round of the National (Brandon) and Tony Bobbitt Hockey League's entry draft. in (New Westminster) are now with 1984 Regina coach Doug Richmond Sockeyes, while rearSauter recently fined each mem- guard 1 Sean Stotts, who played ber of his club, except the goalies last season with Victoria, is now and defenceman Trent Kachur, with Nanaimo Clippers . . Simifor not hitting. Individual fines larly, Estevan goalie Bill Franwent as high as $50 apiece cione (Spokane) and Humboldt Campbell Blair of the Vernon winger Garnet Kazuik (Brandon, Lakers has broken the B.C. Junior Moose Jaw, Regina), are playing Hockey League's record of career in the Saskatchewan Amateur assists by a defenceman. The 20- Junior League. Wade Shutter, year-old shattered the old record younger brother of Blades' Walter of 155, which was set by Ian Kidd, Shutter, is with Estevan.
