# The Times-Transcript — 1987-05-07 — p.37

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1987-05-07
**Page:** 37
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107104494?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 1107104494

## Paragraphs

### Region 64,4075 → 1078,8835

EDMONTON (CP) The Edmonton Oilers kept shaking their heads at questions Wednesday, making sure it really was May 6 and they were in the Stanley Cup semifinal and not April 9 and round one of the playoffs. "This isn't shades of LA, it's a duplicate," said coach Glen feeling a little of the deja vu himself. "I hope the next four games are the same." Sather was alluding to Edmonton losing the first game of the playoffs 5-2 to Los Angeles, then beating the Kings four straight. Edmonton swept Winnipeg before losing to the Detroit Red Wings 3-1 in Game 1 of the semifinal Tuesday. "I heard a lot of these questions after the first LA game,' Sather told reporters during the off day of the Campbell Conference final. "It was the same situation, they beat us, the next game we came back and we played like we're capable of playing." Edmonton beat Los Angeles 13-3 in Game 2 but the Oilers were unanimous in their agreement they won't likely beat the Red Wings by that lopsided a score in the second game of the best-ofseven semifinal tonight. "This team is a lot better defensively than LA, we'll have a lot tougher time beating Detroit," said Kent Nilsson, the lone Oiler scorer Tuesday. Fuel Kids finish Broncos HUMBOLDT, Sask. (CP) - The Humboldt Broncos won a place in the final of the Centennial Cup junior A hockey championship tournament Wednesday night with a 6- 1 victory over the Richmond Sockeyes. The losers, with a -robin record of 2-1, will meet the Pembroke Lumber Kings in tonight's Perron * 4,4 The job that currently consumes almost every waking hour for Jean Perron has gnawed at many of his predecessors, leaving a trail of frayed nerves and queasy stomachs as it spit out the victims. There was Claude Ruel, whose nervous system was so shattered, he once abandoned his spot behind the bench before a game had ended. There was Al McNeil, who couldn't survive the tumult and the shouting, even though his results were outstanding. There was Bernard Geoffrion, a fun-loving, effervescent guy who became Exhibit A in a demonstration of the effects of on-the-job stress. There was Bob Berry, who was a moderate smoker when he took the job, but sent the stocks of tobacco companies soaring by the time he relinquished it. +
