# Langley Advance — 1987-01-28 — p.14

**Publication:** Langley Advance
**Date:** 1987-01-28
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Langley, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536973892?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536973892

## Paragraphs

### Region 156,446 → 1956,1571

backline | " - a The sagaciousness and fore- Muzz has an undeniable eye stalwart with sight of Langley Eagles coach for talent and he kept mental an ability to and general-manager Muzz notes of who he liked when he move the MacPherson ceases to was steering the Bluehawks puck. amaze me. and the Sockeyes to previous What Langsuccess. ley lost in upfSince taking the reins of the ront strength foundering B.C. Junior Hockey Today, Langley has the bene- it gained in allLeague club last September, fit of this knowledge, which is round talent. Muzz has been trading players now paying rewarding divi- It gained that like you and I change socks. dends. The Eagles are hot on vital link beThat is to say often, of course!* Richmond's heels in second tween offence and defence. In each deal despite what place and look assured of a spot Earlier in the season, Muzz occasionally seemed a - reactio- in the playoffs. did the same thing. He traded nary move at the time Muzz sharpshooter Rob Clarke for has silenced his critics by build- This is despite last week's the sake of a stronger defence. ing team strength with almost surprise Richmond. of Moller Bryan had At the time it seemed a questrade Moller every trade. to con- tionable choice, •but Langley's sistently been Langley's top poor goals-against record was The fact he has worked with goal-scorer and seemed a solid soon stemmed and the Eagles several of these players as rock in the Eagles front-line. were on the road to greater .coach of the now-defunct Bur- But Muzz gambled. things. naby Bluehawks and also the Trades can sink a team into Richmond Sockeyes has given He shipped Moller to the further despair when not. done Muzz' an edge over many of his Sockeyes for the services of de- right but Muzz seems to have Coastal Division colleagues. fenceman. Philip Von Stefenelli the right touch.
