# Surrey Leader — 1987-03-18 — p.48

**Publication:** Surrey Leader
**Date:** 1987-03-18
**Page:** 48
**Location:** Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/327894504?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 327894504

## Paragraphs

### Region 1423,563 → 1966,2352

from the game with 51 seconds left. But in the third stanza it was all Richmond. The Sockeyes held Delta to only seven shots in the final 20 minutes and got a goal each from Brian Kozak and Bill Hardy to jump into a 5-4 lead. But the Flyers weren't finished yet as Momotani squirted through the Sockeyes' defence and scored at 17:53 to send the game into overtime. At the 4:37 mark of the extra session, Paul Rutherford banged in a rebound and the Sockeyes were the champions again. Richmond head coach Orland Kurtenbach said he had a feeling heading into the game that it would be the final one of the series. "When you get up three games to nothing you sort of feel the fourth game is forthcoming," said Kurtenbach, adding that the score would have a lot higher if it wasn't for Delta's superb goaltending. "Chris had a helluva game," Kurtenbach said. "'He made just some fantastic saves.' Hopper said when any team wins four straight games, you know it wasn't a fluke. "They won because they were the better team and they were more physical," he said. But immediately following the game, Hopper was already looking forward to next season. "I've been putting together a list of players to go after and we're going to put together a very powerful hockey club.'

### Region 238,559 → 783,1547

One has to pity poor Chris Dickson. Dickson, goaltender of Delta Flyers, was spectacular in stopping 49 shots, but his squad still dropped a 6-5 sudden-death overtime decision to the Richmond Sockeyes and was eliminated from the B.C. Junior Hockey League playoffs on Saturday at Sungod Arena. The Sockeyes took the best-ofseven Coastal Division final series in four straight games and will go on to meet Kelowna Packers, the Interior Division champs, for the league championship. "I didn't expect them to handle us as easily as they did," said a disgruntled Flyers' head coach Rick Hopper following the final game. "I would have liked to have been a lot more competitive against them.'
