# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-04-27 — p.10

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-04-27
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325076956/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 325076956

## Paragraphs

RICHMOND, B.C. (CP) - Matt Hervey scored two goals Sunday night to lead the Richmond Sockeyes to a 5-3 win over the Humboldt Broncos in Centennial Cup hockey playoff action. The victory gave the Sockeyes a 3-9 lead in the best-of-seven Western Canada final. The sixth game is scheduled here Tuesday night. Humboldt led 2-0 after after the first period but Richmond tied ° game 2-2 after the middle frame. Brian Kozak, Dave Tomlinson and Dave Rutherford added goals for Richmond. Bill McDougall scored two goals for Humboldt while Garnet Kazuik completed the scoring for the Saskatchewan club. Goalie Frank Romeo made 30 saves for Richmond while Bruce Hoffort blocked 22 shots for Humboldt. The Broncos' tight-checking game stymied the Sockeyes for the first half of the game, the same tactic the visitors employed in a 2-1 victory Saturday night. McDougall Brad Bergen scored one goal apiece as the Broncos evened the series Saturday. Dean Rutledge replied with Richmond lone goal in the third period of the paced game. Hoffort stopped shots while Romeo made 30 saves in Richmond's net. In Medicine Hat, Alta., Dale Kusnher scored his second goal of the game on the power play at 13:44 of the third period to give the Tigers a 5-4 win over the Portland Winter Hawks in a Western Hockey League playoff game Sunday. The win gives the Tigers a 1-0° lead in the WHL final series. Both teams teams spent much of the game feeling each other out because it was the first game between east and west division teams this season. "I expected it to be a a a a a a a a a little bit faster and a little bit quicker," said Medicine Hat coach Bryan Max-: well. "We knew they weren't a super physcial team. They're a free -wheeling team. We did a good job of forechecking on their
