# The Windsor Star — 1987-02-11 — p.30

**Publication:** The Windsor Star
**Date:** 1987-02-11
**Page:** 30
**Location:** Windsor, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/503810327/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 503810327

## Paragraphs

About 300 ticket to the were 1,200 invited hockey players taries, corporate

MAXWELL HOUSE INSTANT REG. 8 OZ. $ 99 COFFEE DECAF. OZ. EA. CLOVER LEAF SOID WHITE IN OIL TUNA WATER 7 TIN OZ. OR $209 DOWNY SHOPPERS CHOICE 2 STRAWBERRY FABRIC LITRE RASPBERRY SOFTENER 500 mL 99€ $299 JAM KELLOGG CORN CHEX BILLY BEE CORN FLAKES CEREAL LIQUID HONEY 675 $ 789 500 $239 500 $ 169 g g g LIBERTY HEINZ PRICEMARK OIL SPAGHETTI LIGHT BULBS LITRE TIN 2 3 $239| 14 OZ. PKG. 698 698 AUNT JEMIMA OLINDA 12 OZ. TIN SYRUP ASPARAGUS CUTS 89° 750 $ 789 FRANCO AMERICAN 10 OZ. ml GRAVIES TINS 2 89° OLINDA GOLD REEF 28 OZ. $ APPLE JUICE FRUIT COCKTAIL TIN 149 48 OZ. CARNATION 10 x 28 g TIN 998 HOT CHOCOLATE EA. $159 < OLINDA McCORMICKS 400 g TOMATO JUICE SOCIAL TEA COOKIES $149 48 OZ. HUNTS 14 OZ. TIN TIN 89€ MANWICH SAUCE 5129 NESTEA ROBIN RED MINCED 7¾ OZ. ICED TEA MIX SOCKEYE SALMON $139 32 OZ. $259 PRONTO 2 TIN PAPER TOWELS ROLL 998 MURPHY KLEENEX 400 OIL SOAP FACE TISSUE 2 PLY 998. LIQUID 16 FL. $179 $ 199 oz. PLUMBER 32 OZ. FAB COLGATE TILEX DETERGENT TOOTH PASTE STAIN REMOVER LITRE mL ml 6 50 450 $459 798 $259

MONTREAL (CP) - Organizers of Rendez-Vous 87 festivities had a sumptuous preview for the 10-course gourmet dinner planned for 1,500 guests in Quebec City this week. The preview event featured the finest culinary achievements of 31 top chefs from Canada, the United States and the Soviet Union. "This is a unique opportunity for Canadian and American chefs to work alongside Soviet chefs," said Jean Soulard, the executive chef of the Quebec City Hilton who led the international team. The gourmet dinner was part of the Rendez-Vous 87 festival, the centrepiece of which was a two-game hockey series between the National Hockey League all-stars and the Soviet national team. While the hockey players squared off on the ice, chefs were hard at work in the kitchens. They were divided into six teams, with each responsible for at least one course. The Soviets, with five chefs, prepared black, white and red caviar on ice sculptures with garnishes of blinis, pumpernickel bread and hard-boiled egg. This was served with Kir and vodka on the rocks flavored with lemon, pepper or aniseed. Next, the Soviets served a cold entree of smoked trout with sour cream. Canada followed with a pheasant terrine with a burgundy sauce, a beaver consomme with pearled manioc, saffron shrimp and an apple sorbet. THE CANADIAN culinary team is headed by Georges Chauvet of Tourism Canada in Ottawa while the Quebec chefs were led by Marcel Kretz of Hotel la Sapiniere of Val David, Que. Finally, the Americans served a meat dish - bison fillet with oignon fondue accompanied by fiddleheads in basil and wild rice with red pepper cubes.
