# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-04-14 — p.14

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-04-14
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495193919/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 495193919

## Paragraphs

Sun News Services After losing 38 games as coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins this season, Bob Berry also lost the confidence of his boss. "*After analyzing this thing, I realized we have made progress and improvement, but that I had lost confidence in their ability to get us in the playoffs,' team vice-president Paul Martha said Monday of his decision to fire Berry and assistant coach Jim Roberts. "I don't want to get specific, but the frustrations got to the point where the coaching staff lost the team (late in the season). . . The team sensed that," Martha said. A former coach with the Los Angeles Kings and Montreal Canadiens, Berry inherited a Pittsburgh team that accumulated only 38 points under former coach Lou Angotti in 1983-84. But while the Penguins had point totals of 53, 76 and 72 under Berry, the club missed the NHL playoffs all three seasons. Although only five of the league's 21 teams are left out of the playoffs each season, the Penguins haven't qualified for Stanley Cup post-season play since 1982. "The exhausting frustration of

debris at his players in retaliation for abuse by Sockeye fans last week in Richmond. **One editorial said it would be better to throw tins of tuna instead of salmon because of the cost," Kurtenbach said. "'That way the tins could be swept up by the maintenance crew and donated to the food bank. I think it's being done in conjunction with hockey management (of the Rustlers)." One man was arrested during Sunday's game here, won 7-1 by the Rustlers. RCMP Sgt. Bob Williams said the man was arrested for breaching the peace. He was released without being charged O but Williams said charges may still be laid. The best-of-seven series between the Alberta junior champions is tied 2-2. The fifth game is

Sun News Services RED DEER, Alta. - Richmond Sockeyes' coach Orland Kurtenbach has charged that a local newspaper and the management of the Red Deer Rustlers are contributing to the unruly behavior of fans that has marred the Centennial Cup junior hockey series. Murray Copot, president of the Alberta Amateur Hockey Association, said Monday that the series may be moved to a neutral site if fans in this Alberta community don't behave. "This is serious. We can shut this whole thing down if it continues," said Copot. Kurtenbach suggested that inflammatory headlines and stories in the Red Deer Advocate are encouraging fans to throw eggs, fish and other
