# The Times-Transcript — 1987-10-29 — p.36

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1987-10-29
**Page:** 36
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107148440/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107148440

## Paragraphs

the Mike Hawks. Holmes, Byron Lomow sweater." and Terry, Perkins gave BaltiIn New Haven, Paul Guay more a 3-1 lead in the first period turned Binghamton goalie Kay to offset a goal by Moncton's Rob Whitmore's bad clearing the pass host into Fowler. Nighthawks at 18:02 of the third the winning goal for After a scoreless second period, period. Matt Hervey cut the lead to 3-2 at Whitmore left the crease to play 2:33 of the third period, but Tim the puck along the boards, but Thomas restored Baltimore two- passed the puck into the slot goal advantage at 4:23. where Guay was standing alone Moncton replied with four with an empty net at which to scored straight at : 5:48. goals. Jamie In Utica, Husgen shoot. N.Y., Mark Lofthouse Gilhen scored his seventh goal scored four goals to lead Hershey of the season at 13:36 to tie the past the hometown Devils. 4-4 and got his second of the In Glens Falls, N.Y., Mel Bridg. game at 15:43 for the winner. The man scored once and assisted on winner came on a slap shot 10 feet two other goals to lead Adironinside the blue line. dack over Springfield. The Red Chris Levasseur added an insur- Wings improved to 6-1 and took ance goal at 18:59. over first place in the Southern Di"Randy Gilhen is a veteran and vision. The Indians fell to 3-3-1. he's showing some leadership," NOTES: The Hawks resume coach Bowness said. "That's why their longest road trip of the sea-

BALTIMORE, Md. (Special) - With two changes to their roster, the Moncton Hawks have bumped their way into third place in the American Hockey League's Northern Division. Defencemen Matt Hervey and Jamie Husgen were converted into right wingers Wednesday night and the results were dramatic. Led by the pair's hard-hitting, the Hawks rallied with five in the third period to defeat Baltimore Skipjacks 6-4 before 1,799 spectators at the Baltimore Arena. ... "We weren't using any muscle up front, so I made the changes,' a hoarse coach Rick Bowness said. •We played better as the game went on and these two guys really got added. things "They went right to the net going for us," Bowness and crushed everyone in the
