# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-02-24 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-02-24
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324471274/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22
**Image ID:** 324471274

## Paragraphs

Richmond has one the most potent lineups the division, boasting the top goalscorer in the league, Rob Clarke, who potted 65 goals in 49 games, as well as snipers Dave Tomlinson (43-65-108) and Brian Moller (27-64-91). While the defence is unspectacular, the Sockeyes are solid in goal, with Frank Romeo, who led the division with a goals against mark of 2.95. All that notwithstanding, Sockeye coach Orland Kurtenbach hasn't been looking farther ahead in the playoffs. "We have to take this series one game at a time," said Kurtenbach in a telephone interview with The Daily Free Press. "All the games prior to the last two were very close. We're going to have to put in a good effort.

CLIPPERS SOCKEYES Final Clipper scoring stats: Final Sockeye scoring stats: GP F 17 Mike # Dave Tomlinson 75 Knapton Rob Clarke 10 Todd Finner Brian Moller 8 Sean Stotts Tony Bobbitt Corky Parkes Bill Hardy 13 Kevin Harder E Mike McCormick Darren Biggs Brian Kozak Laurence Amy Paul Rutherford Grant McDonald Jason Phillips Pat Hodgins Dean Rutledge Cory Manton Stan Czenczek: • Craig Frankford Matt Hervey Matt Woods Jim Gunn Zvonko Malenica Jason Talo Chris Calverley Rob Sumner David Young Steve Jaques 12 153 Paul Faganello Trevor Dickie 249 Tony Seriani Mike Claringbull el 16 Shane Goodridge Ruse Goglin - 44 MIN SH SAV GA AVG MIN SH Wade Flaherty 828 4.87 Frank Romeo 1098 SAV GA AVG 06 31 Drew Smith 1365 784 648 141 6.11 & # Glenn Pencer 2.95 1199 4.20

Moller plays on, Corky Parkes against Dave Tomlinson and Pat Hodgins against whoever plays on the third line. "We have to try and play our type of game," said Dutka. "We can't really worry about what they're trying to do, or we'll get into a defensive shell.' Kurtenbach is unworried about the prospect of matching lines. "I try to set up a game plan and we try to play to that throughout the game, said Kurtenbach. "I'm worried about keeping the puck out of net, and then going from there.' NO PENALTIES Kurtenbach says his team must stay out of the penalty box if they. want to win. "The Nanaimo power play has hurt us in the past, and they have some people who can put the puck
