# Surrey Leader — 1987-03-22 — p.33

**Publication:** Surrey Leader
**Date:** 1987-03-22
**Page:** 33
**Location:** Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/327898608/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 327898608

## Paragraphs

ADVERTISING CORRECTION Eaton's Spring Sale Flyer Page 3 - Items C/D - Splash suits. The identifying letters for these items have been transposed. It should read: C - Girl's vinyl splash suit. D - Boy's waterproof nylon splash suit. Page 8 - Items B and C - Nancy G dresses. Due to supplier error the above two styles of dresses have been shipped with white mesh belts instead of self fabric. Page 10 - Item D - Women's Vinyl Mule. Due to supplier delivery problems, the items will not be available until March 30, 1987. Orders will be taken. Page 11 Item H1 - Women's briefs. The price for this item was incorrectly given at 5 for 10.99. It is, in fact, 3 for 10.99. Page 18 - Item F - Walkers Oatcakes 300 g box should read Walkers Bran Oatcakes 250 g Page 18 - Item J - Fjord Red Pacific Sockeye Salmon 220 g tin should read 213 g tin. Page 27 - Item F - "'Sunshine' 7 pce. ensemble. The legs on t the white werzalit table are straight rather than curved, as illustrated. Page 38 - Items C/D - **Milano" vinyl nylon luggage. The identifying letters for these items have been transposed and should read: C - Tote bag 17.49. D - 19"' Sports carry-all 24.49. Due to supplier delivery problems, the following items are not available: Page 18 - Item N - Jamin cream filled chocolates 500 g bag. Page 26 - Items L/P/Q/R, best sellers from Canadian Publishers, "Much Depends on Dinner", "The Progress of Love', "Canadian Classics"', "The Private Capital', "Maureen Forrester. Out of Character". Page 26 - Item T - "'The Downfall People" by JoAnne Williams Bennett. Page 33 - Item C Cotton T-shirts with crew-neck, short-sleeves and tail bottom. 9.99. Inadvertently, the errors listed above have appeared in our advertising. We sincerely regret any inconvenience or confusion to our customers. EATON'S

The North Stars scored with 30 blue-liners Remo Jacoe, Chris seconds remaining in the game to Hawkey, Chris Fielder and Doug give them a 5-4 triumph over the Nesbit. Bruins and the North Delta Peewee Team-captain Joe Gaelen paced Hockey House Division title at the winners with four goals, while Sungod Arena on March 14. teammate Billy Sawyer fired in the Playing without the services of other tally. injured defensemen Terry Sayers Bruins got a two-goal effort from and Roy Cowley, the Stars picked Brian Remming. Spencer Latimer up the slack with a fine effort from and Chris Yeomans chipped in with a goal apiece in a losing cause. Chris Crippin and Gavin Foster
