# The Winnipeg Sun — 1987-04-08 — p.47

**Publication:** The Winnipeg Sun
**Date:** 1987-04-08
**Page:** 47
**Location:** Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/736634862/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 736634862

## Paragraphs

By DARRON HARGREAVES the contest into a 10-minute overtime frame. SELKIRK Call it Ulcer City. five each when he combined with Jerry Chumola Sun Staff Writer Mayo scored with the Blues' Craig Oster off for Tremendous hooking, then Todd Bohonos evened the count at The collective blood pressure in 'The Barn' was with 1:53 remaining. high enough last night that oxygen masks would "It hurts, it really hurts, but there's got to be a have come in handy. comeback winner and a loser," said Blues' coach Doug Hockey fans tend to get excited when their team Stokes. "It just wasn't in the cards.' roars back from a 4-0 deficit in the final period and Bohonos opened the scoring at the 19:11 mark sends the game into overtime. Then more overtime. of the first period, bouncing a centring pass off 49 seconds into sudden-death to give the Selkirk It seemed it was going to be just that kind of So when Curt Froese scored eight minutes and sidelines startled Nick Seregella. the skate of a retreating Jeff Trapp, and by the Steelers a 6-5 victory and the Manitoba Junior night for the Steelers. The puck was not their Hockey League championship the place, of friend, and they fought it the first two periods. Steeler coach Frank Porco. players and bounced into the corners, or the puck course, went nuts. Passes were missed. or poorly given, and the "It's incredible. just incredible." summed up the Blues Blues picked a lot of them off. Steeler shots hit "It's very hard to explain. Between the second would somehow end up in Blisner's glove. and third periods we sat down and talked about The puck was kind to the Blues. They took a 2-0 character and pride and how we've come back lead on a goal by Brian Foreman, on a tip-in before and the rest is history.' when Brian Martens took a whirlaround slapshot of the Saskatchewan Junior League, with the second. ing Thursday and Friday night in Selkirk. A seemingly the glove side." described Froese. That's the in front of Seregella and only the eternally opfirst two games of their best-of-seven series gorifled a high wrist shot past Blues' goalie Boyd STEELER5 his shot from the blueline eluded Seregella. The Steelers now meet the Humboldt Broncos that found its way to Foreman at 3:42 of the at the time devastating blow Froese took a drop pass from Monty Seper and was a shorthanded goal by Brian Schmidt, when Blisner to end the Blues season. Playing four aside, Craig Oster made it 4-0 at "Seper dropped it back and I beat him high to 11:33 when Chumola spotted him standing alone biggest goal of my career.' tomistic and the insane thought the Steelers Third period goals by Brad Obrigewitsch, Rob could come back. Stewart, Kevin Lajeunesse and Kevin Mayo sent Little did they know.
