# The Abbotsford News — 1987-11-04 — p.13

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-11-04
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536568236/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536568236

## Paragraphs

by Alan Watson Will the real Abbotsford Falcons please stand up? In the space of eight B.C. Junior Hockey League days, they started with a big come-from-behind 9-6 win over Kelowna Packers, who as of this Monday, were in first place in the Interior Division. Then the Falcons, cellar-dwellars in the Coastal Division, lost a game they could have won 5-4 to Merritt Centennials last Tuesday, gave up five powerplay goals to a veteraninjected Richmond Sockeyes in a 9-4 loss Wednesday, and lost a game they could have won 7-4 to Chilliwack Eagles Friday. Saturday night in MSA Arena, however, the young Falcons scored the most goals any of the 12 BCJHL teams have managed in a single single game this year, drubbing Chilliwack 16-7, Yes, 16-7. Following the game, coach Jim Frost called it a matter of execution, and yes, almost everything worked. Frost also noted that it could easily have been a 2-2 or 3-1 week instead of 3-1, and added, "Young teams have to learn how to win. But we're learning how to work the two-on-ones and the three-on-twos." General manager Gary McCaskill, who recently gave up his ownership share in the club to minority owner and former sole owner Byron Hitchens (see accompanying story), called it a "real turning point. We can score seven or eight goals a game consistently. We just had to know we could do it.' McCaskill, who is going to be donning his marketing hat a lot more often now that he's returned solely to the GM's role, gave coaches Dave Cherniwchan and Frost much of the credit. "I think the coaching staff is really clicking. The guys behind the bench and running the practices know what they are doing and the players know they're there. The guys we now have in place have instilled confidence in the players, and a work ethic that is starting to take its toll." McCaskill will continue to make his search presence for felt players. in the For ever the continuing games against Chilliwack, Abbotsford had two new bodies in the lineup. They picked up a Richmond castoff, 18-year-old Mauro Padula,
