# The Burlington Spectator — 1987-04-15 — p.12

**Publication:** The Burlington Spectator
**Date:** 1987-04-15
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Burlington, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1011041250/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1011041250

## Paragraphs

ton will support senior hockey. We couldn't do any worse than we are right now. You do have Oakville next door and Acton and Georgetown nearby so you do have a good nucleus to draw from. "Something else we'll have to look at is the problem of the Cougars playing Friday nights." McCoys traditionally like to play home games on Fridays but that's the same night the Junior B club plays its home games.

McCoys eye Burlington for senior hockey franchise

Burlington divers 4th at Nepean meet HERE ARE the results of Burlington Gatquatic Divers who participated in the provincial diving championships in Nepean Saturday. Nine local divers competed in the event. The Gatquatics team placed fourth out of 12 teams. Girls 11 and under 1 metre - Shannon Foster (2nd) 154.80 points; Tammy Cruikshank (3rd) 154.40 points; Jennifer Morel (8th) 142.20 points. Girls 11 and under 3 metre Tammy Cruikshank (1st) 180.65 points; Shannon Foster - (3rd) 169.25; Jennifer Morel (9th) 152.95. Girls 12-13, 1 metre Jennifer Left (7th) 214.95; Wendy Collings (8th) 194.25; Joanna Collings (10th) 180.30; Amy Culver (11th) 173.00. Girls 12-13, 3 metre - Wendy Collings (3rd) 247.25; Jennifer Left (7th) 224.85; Amy Culver (8th) 190.10; Joanna Collings (184.05). Girls 13 and under tower - Tammy Cruikshank (6th) 116.65; Jennifer Morel (7th) 112.90; Shannon Foster (8th) 109.45; Jennifer Lett (9th) 96.75; Wendy Collings (10th) 92.65; Amy Culver (11th)91.15. Girls 14-15, 1 metre - Angela Dougherty (6th) 270.25. Girls 14-15, 3 metre - Angela Dougherty (7th) 264.70. Girls 16-18, 1 metre - Samantha Fothergill (4th) 300.90. BLOMHA to elect new executive THE BURLINGTON Lions Optimist Minor Hockey Association (BLOMHA) will hold its annual meeting April 20. The gathering will be held at the Rotary Youth Centre, on Guelph Line, beginning at 7.30 p.m. Constitution changes and election of new executives will be included on the agenda for the meeting. Blue Jay bigwig to speak at dinner PAT GILLICK, vice- president of the Toronto Blue e Jays, will headline the Burlington Central Lions Club Sports Celebrity Dinner. The outspoken Blue Jay boss will join other celebrities for the annual dinner Monday, May 4 at the Burlington Holiday Inn. Paul Hanover will host the event which will also include speeches from City TV sports announcer and former Toronto Maple Leaf, Jim McKenney, as well as Burlington golfer Barb Bunkowsky. Proceeds will go toward community organizations as well as the Joseph Brant Memorial Hospital. Burlington umpires to meet April 22 THE BURLINGTON Umpires Association will hold a general meeting Wednesday, April 22 at 7 p.m. at Nelson High School. Anyone in Burlington or Oakville who is interested in umpiring fastball. or slow pitch is welcome to come out or call 637-8319. Lacrosse clinics for coaches, players THE BURLINGTON Minor Lacrosse Association has scheduled a series of clinics to help players prepare for the upcoming season. The clinics, which will teach 'a variety of skills, will take place at Mohawk Gardens Public School, 5280 Spruce Avenue, Burlington.

The McCormick team used an impromptu strategy session to claim the boys doubles team title. After dropping the first game 8-15 to Maneesh Sharma and Mike Tingle, of Blakelock, and rallying to snare the second 17-14, Mike McCormick, a grade 12 student at Loyola headed for the dressing room. Little brother Kevin dutifully followed. "We were smashing too much in

sweeps of Hamilton Kilty B's and Port Colborne Schooners, and then defeated the Midwestern Junior B champs Stratford Cullitons 4-1. "It becomes quite a cliche," said Cougar coach Phil Cameron, "but they didn't get this far without being a good hockey club. They won their league quite convincingly and knocked off a pretty good team in Stratford." Niagara Falls finished the regular season in first place with an impressive record of 29-8-5. Including 12 playoff wins in 13 attempts, the Canucks have compiled a record this season of 41-9-5. "They don't play the same style as Henry Carr," said Cameron. "The fans should be treated to more skill in this series.' Despite the Canucks' impressive list of accomplishments, Cameron is not overly awed by them. "They're not as big as Henry Carr," said Cameron, "and I don't rate them any better than the team we beat in Barrie. I still think they (the Colts) were the best team we've played up to this point." Canucks boast a potent arsenal with four of the Golden Horseshoe league's top 10 scorers. Right winger Terry Crump led the league with 67 goals and 119 points; former Hamilton Steelhawk Joe Stefan was second with 30 goals and da league 75 assists for 105 points; and centre Brian Glennie was third in the league with 39 goals and 96 points. In the Canucks' 13 playoff games, Crump has 26 points, Stefan 24, and Glennie 22. "Our strongest point i is probably our offence," understated Niagara Falls general manager Tim Masterson. "We just play tough in the corners. We like a good, clean, hard-hitting game. This series could come down to goaltending.'

JohnRennison, The Spectator Secondary School, lost to Bruce Baker. serve u up at finals the first two games," said Mike McCormick. "We decided to go strictly with drops and flat drives.' In the third game, the Oakville Club players breezed to a 15-5 verdict thanks to the older McCormick's heavy strokes and the ability of the five-foot Kevin to cover the court like a waterbug in a teacup. "Kevin works to set me up and I finish them off," said Mike. Sharma and Tingle rebounded to take the second OFSAA spot by defeating Huron Park's Roger Chui and Mike Stallard 15-2, 15-9. In the boys' singles event, seed Bruce Baker of Lester B. Pearson, was denied his first OFSAA appearance when Cathedral's Ken John out-duelled him 15-11, 12-15, 19-17. In a marvelous game that prompted courtside spectators to cheer at several intervals, Baker saw the winning point fall on the line on White's service. Unbeaten streak Baker then dropped an equally painful match to Pearson teammate Chris Carter 15-8, 15-11. Baker and Carter are friends. While he was pleased with earning his first trip to OFSAA, Carter would have preferred not to advance at the expense of his teammate. "It was unfortunate. I think that first game took a lot out of him. We were hoping we'd both go." In girls singles play, Perdue's Chris Dingwall extended her unbeaten streak over Lester B. Pearson's Tracy Dunn to five games with a 15- 8,15-10 win. Dingwall, a grade 13 student at Perdue, is making her third visit to

Indeed, goaltending could be the Canucks' Achilles heel. They allowed more than five goals a game, but starting goalie Mike Patrick does have solid credentials. He spent two years in the Ontario Hockey League with Cornwall and Sudbury. The Cougars' offence is led by the line of Marc West, Paul Cook and Brian Schmuck, which has combined for 47 goals in 22 playoff games. In 53 playoff and regular season games this year, West has scored 61 goals and a total of 151 points. On defence, the Cougars have surrendered a skimpy 3:51 goals a game. They've won 16 of 22 playoff games, and have lost just six times in their past 28 games. Toss out three straight losses at the beginning of the Barrie series, and the Cougars have gone down to defeat only three times in their past 25 outings. Niagara Falls won the coin toss for the extra game of the series, and Cameron would love to use that to his advantage. "We'd like to go in there and put on a show right off the bat," said Cameron. "If we can do that, then it's advantage Burlington. I'd like to get out in front right away and not have to come from behind, but we seem to have to lose a game before we get going. The Cougars have lost the first game in three of their four playoff series. The second game of the series will be played Sunday night at Central Arena.

Summer rink makes debut in Burlington THE WARM, summer weather won't have to cool down Burlington's hockey enthusiasts. Hockey leagues for everyone from novice aged youngsters to oldtimers are scheduled for the first time in the city this year at Mainway. Recreation Centre - the first time ice has been left in any of the city's arenas throughout the summer months. A minor hockey league will offer teams at the novice, atom, peewee and bantam levels. There are a few openings remaining in all age groups. Coaches are needed at the novice, atom and bantam levels. The Golden Horseshoe Men's Summer Hockey League will begin its inaugural season with 24 teams in its industrial and oldtimers divisions. For more information on these programs please call 528-7193 or 335- 0863.

that has launched more marriages than Zsa Zsa Gabor. After eliminating Henry Carr Crusaders of the Metro Junior B Hockey League, the Cougars face Niagara Falls Canucks in the Ontario Hockey Association Junior B semifinals. The best-of-seven series begins Friday at 7.30 p.m. at Niagara Falls Memorial Arena. Niagara Falls won the Golden Horseshoe Junior B Hockey League championship with four-game

By GARRY McKAY The Spectator BURLINGTON IS getting the onceover. Several members of the executive of the Dundas Real McCoys are checking Burlington out to see if they want to relocate the Ontario Hockey Association Senior AAA franchise here. The team is facing severe financial difficulty in Dundas because of poor fan (support and executives
