# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-03-26 — p.50

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-03-26
**Page:** 50
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325394560/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 325394560

## Paragraphs

playoff game against Richmond Sockeyes. The Clippers lost the playoff series in straight games. "I think we've started something that is to be very successful for years anoing come," said Clipper coach and General Manager Rich Dutka. "There's no doubt the Clipper fans are the best in the BCJHL. They gave us tremendous support." Nanaimo minor hockey products continued to shine elsewhere as Bob Foglietta scored six goals for Portland Winter Hawks and was named to the Memorial Cup all-star team. Frank Furlan, a goalie with Sherwood Park Crusaders of the Alberta Junior Hockey League, was chosen in the sixth round of the NHL entry draft by Winnipeg Jets. Nanaimo's bid to host the B.C. Midget AAA hockey championships was accepted and scheduled for mid-March of 1987 at Frank Crane Arena. This was the first provincial minor hockey championship awarded to Nanaimo since the Bantam provincials were held here in 1980. The city was expected to h host the B.C. Best-Ever (for top, 15-yearolds) hockey program Frank

we have." field? Malaspina could soon have a new soccer field behind the gym complex. NEW SOCCER FIELD? "There's a strong possibility that we will be adding a soccer field over the next year," said Mr. Malbon. On the overall sports scene in Nanaimo, Mr. Malbon said, "There's strong participation. Some of the sports tend to be cyclic like hockey and lacrosse. I've noticed that in other cities too." Bill Bestwick, manager of Frank Crane Arena and coach of the Midget A Clippers hockey club, isn't sure why minor hockey and lacrosse registrations are down. "Any time there's a decline in registration is reason for concern. There's no reason why. You can't pinpoint one, reason. It could be the economy or the baby boom age I don't know." Mr. Bestwick feels minor sports is benefiting from governmentfunded progams. "All cities are getting in governprograms which are more organized and efficient,' he said. "The coaching has improved and so has the product." In hockey, a group of local supporters rallied to take over the financially. Nanaimo Clippers of the B.C. Junior Hockey League in the summer. The new franchise then drew good crowds all season at Civic Arena, averaging close to 900 fans a game and drawing a record 1,415 for a
