# The Gazette — 1987-02-19 — p.82

**Publication:** The Gazette
**Date:** 1987-02-19
**Page:** 82
**Location:** Montreal, Quebec, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/427227527/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 427227527

## Paragraphs

While the number of shots and goals against has dropped since the new year, goal production has soared to an average of 6.2 in their last 18 • games from an average of 4.3 in the first 30 games. And the brighter outlook for this year has only strengthened argu-3 ments that the Pierrefonds team will be a contender next season. While St. Hyacinthe, Longueuil, and St. Antoine will lose many of their best players because of age restrictions, the young Pierrefonds team will remain relatively unchanged. "With a little bit of work we could have a helluva hockey club next year," Cunningham said.

p oyen-ready entrées with fine restaurant taste. Honest to goodness! They're absolutely delicious Don't fabulous. be But misled by when the it's done "ready-made" the convenience. Fast can and be Right Now only right way…classic recipes the finest ingredients. Exactly the way your favourite restaurant does it. You'll be pleasantly amazed at the delicious taste, and the Save over $300 striking similarity. The work's all done on gourmet breasts of chicken You can literally come home to this fine, restaurant quality food. breaded and stuffed with fresh All you do is take it from your freezer, put it in your oven (frozen), à la Kiev butter and chives. then relax for about 35 minutes. Depending on the occasion the breaded and stuffed with cooked company, you can dress the plate up for candlelight elegance.or à la Suisse and cheese. keep it simple and quick, but very satisfying. breaded and stuffed with tender Just look at the choice à la Reine mushrooms cheese. sautéed in wine, and Beef Wellington - a succulent sauce piece in of filet puff 2 $11.25 breaded and stuffed with juicy mignon, with paté and mushroom pastry for Hawaiian pineapple chunks and Monterey Salmon Wellington - a fabulous fillet of jack cheese. Sockeye salmon, with butter Dijon sauce, in puff pastry 2 for $11.25 in onions, the classic herbs, form, butter stuffed and Rainbow with mushrooms Trout shrimp, . - a .... almonds, whole trout 4 for $20. 6 for $2195 reg. $25. Stuffed Fillet of Red Snapper - the subtle taste of snapper crabmeat and nicely cream enhanced . ... with a stuffing of 4 for $23. 2. for $825 reg. $9.25 Sale ends March 7/87 Pointe Claire Shop VISA 694-8918 Fairview The Steak

Led by two-goal performances of Brad Chin and Robbie James, the Pierrefonds Lions took another step along the comeback trail last Friday when they beat the LaSalle Cyclones 7-3. The victory clinched a berth for the Lions in the Inter-Regional Junior AA Hockey League playoffs. Making the playoffs in the 10-team league isn't much of a reason to brag since only the bottom two squads don't qualify for post-season play. But making the playoffs this season will have more meaning than usual for the Pierrefonds Lions. In December, the season seemed already over for the team and there was talk about "building for next

The John Abbott College Islanders men's hockey team has taken a lot of abuse both on and off the ice this season, but after Tuesday's encounter with Collège Montmorency you have to wonder whether they really deserved all that abuse. The first place Nomades waltzed in to Glenfinnan Arena thinking of nothing more than an easy win to add to their 24-4 record. What they got was a long way from the easy-win category as the Islanders put up quite a battle before the Nomades managed to squeeze out the win.

coach Gary Cunningham, the man who's spearheaded the Lions' rise from the league basement. Finishing in sixth place won't be easy. To do it, the Lions will have to win their last two games of the season - against eighth-place Montreal Athlétiques tomorrow night and topranked St. Hyacinthe on Sunday. If they do finish sixth, the Lions will face third-place St. Antoine in the first playoff round. But a seventh-place finish would pit the Lions against second-place Longueuil. General manager Paul Pellin who also wore the coach's hat for the first half of the season - named Cunningham as his head coach last month. Taking himself out from behind the bench may have turned out to be Pellin's best move of the year. What is the secret of the new coach's success? "We're using each player to his • fullest potential," Cunningham said. "The first thing we did was evaluate every player on the team and identify | his strong and weak points." Cunningham also brought in some new blood in Brad Chin and Stéphane Ishmael, who were playing CEGEP AAA hockey in St. Jérôme. Then he made up some new lines, weaving his players together to produce a better team on offence and defence. "We tried to end up with lines featuring
