# Langley Advance — 1987-03-11 — p.15

**Publication:** Langley Advance
**Date:** 1987-03-11
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Langley, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536977020?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536977020

## Paragraphs

absence of the It's over. Pherson hat at a The Langley Eagles out. of the Coastal Division game. I also couldn't playoffs on Sunday after losing notice its replacement 5-3 to the Delta Flyers in the brash, 10-gallon seventh and deciding game. Is this a portent It wasn't a classic series, but look MacPherson for wonder? Are we in it was - as coach general Muzz MacPherson bravado 'coaching? manager when he Whoa, boy! promised was ap- Perhaps, I'm top gun summer gun = or is it the pointed last exciting MacPherson's hockey. larger-than- sudden departure life character seemed to spill sion of that norm is probably a over to his players. Sunday's old adage, the spice of life. full house demonstrated the spark and spirit that good tier two hockey can inspire when the ship is being captained by an old salt like Muzz. Delta will now meet Richmond Sockeyes in the Coastal *Division finals. Most money is on Richmond to win the best-ofseven clash but Delta's individual talent is a force to be reckoned with. Langley hockey fans were given a taste of the speed and skill of such Delta players as Lance Momotani and Ben Biagioni on Sunday. Richmond has it's share of scorers - such as former Eagle Bryan Moller but they don't have the swiftness.
