# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-12-29 — p.10

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-12-29
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325622225?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325622225

## Paragraphs

### Region 162,615 → 775,2332

OCTOBER 1-James Harper of Nanaimo carded a final-round 72 to finish tied for fifth place in a CPGA tournament players' division fall, qualifying school in Sidney. 2-Richard Stentiford snapped a high shot over Nanaimo goalie Mike Sutherland's left shoulder in Delta Flyers' 5-3 BCJHL win over the Clippers before 900 fans at Civic Apena. 13-Craig Coxe scored with just four seconds remaining in the third period to give Vancouver Canucks a 4-4 exhibition NHL tie with Winnipeg Jets before a crowd of 3,400 fans at Frank Crane Arena. 4-Defender Ken Fuller returned to Quarterway Hotel United's lineup in fine fashion, scoring once and anchoring the backline in a 3-0 United win over Vic West in premier division soccer play. 5-Scott Saywell of Nanaimo said he was up against stiff competition in a tryout with Tacoma Stars of the Major Indoor Soccer League. 6-Nanaimo minor hockey product Aaron Nosky fired a pair of goals as Delta Flyers blanked Abbotsford Falcons 4-0 in BCJHL action in Abbotsford. 7-Mike Knapton produced two powerplay markers as the Clippers upset Richmond Sockeyes 4-3 in BCJHL play in Richmond. 8-The Clippers announced they had signed rugged forward-defenceman Rob Steele. Nanaimo made a deal with Kelowna Packers, giving up cash and future considerations.

### Region 1491,617 → 2104,2340

than three minutes left in the third period gave the Clippers a 4-3 BCJHL win over Richmond Sockeyes. 17-Nanaimo Islanders gave up two late goals to Sardis and settled for a 2-2 draw in their final game of a girls' field hockey tourney in Chilliwack. The teams shared first place with 2-0-1 records. 18-Rob Shelley scored twice? as Quarterway Hotel United blanked Prospect Lake Columbos 4-0 in VISL premier r division play at May Bennett-Pioneer Park. 19-Commercial Hotel Celtics used 23 points from Steve Kass to topple Qualicum 76ers 59-58 in Nanaimo Basketball Association play at Malaspina College. 20-Dave Brown triggered 19 points as Wydel's Warriors dumped Malaspina Mariners 92-75 in exhibition men's basketball play at the/ college. 21-Nanaimo Islanders tuned up for the Island field hockey championships with a 3-0 win over Kwalikum, Bev Keen, Cindy Whitmore and Jill Dunnigan scoring for the Isles. 22-Malaspina Mariners doy ded Trinity Western Spartans of Langley 3-1 in collegiate men's soccer at Caledonia Park, Mark Mernett, Roy Wheeldon and Tim Locken tallying for the M's. 23-Nanaimo Islanders won three straight games to advance to the semi-finals of the Island high school girls' field hockey championships in Courtenay. 24-Capilano Blues doubled Mal-
