# Kitsap Sun — 1987-07-30 — p.10

**Publication:** Kitsap Sun
**Date:** 1987-07-30
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Bremerton, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/874233949/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 874233949

## Paragraphs

three years. ILLINOIS - Announced that Jeff George, Purdue quarterback, will transfer to Illinois. LAMBUTH - Named Jim Hardegree head football coach. MISSOURI Announced the resignation of Jim McKinley, assistant head football coach. Named Tim Billings interim tight end coach. NORTH CAROLINA STATE Announced that Cam Young, quarterback, will transfer to Virginia Tech. ST. ANSELM Named Jamie Cosgrove assistant basketball coach. SHIPPENSBURG - Named Joseph Rotelli-

THIRD RACE 6½ furlongs. Purse $3,900. Claiming $8,000. 3-year-olds: 9. Spirit Of Arch (DMoore) 26.20 13.80 80 9.20 8. Sockeye (Corrales) 7.60 3.80 5. Hurley Hayes (x-Gibson) 4.80 Time: 1:17 4/5. Also rans: Country Prince, Joe's Choice, Sins Of The Night. Boris The Bard, Salmon Derby, Little Bit Crafty. Moon Vender, Hedgewood Hawk: Merits Policy eased. $2 EXACTA - (9-8) paid $223.60.

ni, assistant football coach at State, offensive line coach. SOUTH FLORIDA Announced that An thur Caldwell, guard, and Keith Jordan. forward, have been dismissed from the basketball team for disciplinary reasons. SOUTHWEST MISSOURI STATE nounced the resignation of Jim Colbert. assistant football coach. Announced the Valerie Goodwin-Colbert, head women's basketball coach, has resigned. to accept the same position at Oklahoma. Announced that Cheryl Burnett, assistant women's basketball coach, has resigned to accept the same position at Kansas State.
