# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-03-02 — p.40

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-03-02
**Page:** 40
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495079422/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 495079422

## Paragraphs

The news wasn't all bad for Ontario, however. The perennial Games power edged out Quebec 211-210 for the overall points championship and the Canada Games' Flag. It marked the fourth straight time Ontario has captured the title and the eighth time in the 11 times the Games have been held. Competition ended Saturday with a schedule light on gold but heavy on emotion and controversy. In New Waterford, the Nova Scotia men's basketball team delighted a partisan crowd of 1,200 with a convincing 91-76 victory over Quebec. The win appeased a rather poor showing by Nova Scotia, which won only five gold and 12 medals overall. Quebec edged Ontario 6-5 in a wild hockey final marred by controversy.

-BRIEFLYBoileau tops day. biggest The Triple Tesio is Crown prep Maryland's race. large field Record win Geoff Brabham and Elliott in L.A. run Forbes- drove to a record-breaking victory Sunday in Sun News Services the Miami Grand Prix auto Art Boileau of Edmonton led race, giving Nissan its first Inmost of the way Sunday and won ternatioal Motor Sports Assocthe second which Los drew Angeles field of Mara- al- iation GT prototype triumph. thon, a The winners, who earned about most 15,000 runners, making it $50,000, finished the three-hour the second-largest marathon race with an average speed of ever. 141.5 kilometres an hour. Boileau, 29, completed the 42.1-kilometre course in two Games over hours 13 minutes eight seconds. The B.C. Winter Games ended Defending champion Ric in Fernie Sunday with 100 Mile Sayre of Ashland, Ore., finished House taking the gold medal in at 2:13:38, hockey. There was no offical second with Jose Gomez of Mexico third at count of medal distribution to 2:14:31. the various zones represented at the games but in curling, RichFlamingo win mond won the gold, followed by Talinum swept past favored Kelowna and West Vancouver. one-sixteenth of a mile to go Sat- Dutch treat Cryptoclearance with less than urday and won the $450,000 Fla- Carla Beurskens of the Nethmingo Stakes at Hialeah in Flor- erlands, running into head ida. Talinum's victory in this winds and sleet, won the Nagoya important stepping stone to the International women's maraMay 2 Kentucky Derby was his thon Sunday in Japan in meet first in three starts this year. record time, beating Japan's Kazue Kojima by six minutes, Laurel upset 32 seconds. The 35-year-old Rolls Aly, a lightly raced Tri- Beurskens took the lead from ple Crown nominee, upset the Denmark's Kersii Jakobsen seventh running of the $160,750 after 16 kilometres and finished Federico Tesio Stakes at Laurel in two hours 28 minutes 27 secRace Course in Maryland Satur- onds.

It has been a long season for Ryan Stewart - for all the wrong reasons. A first-round draft choice of the Winnipeg Jets in 1985, Stewart nearly disappeared off the hockey map this year when a series of illnesses sent him home to bed after just 10 games. He was suffering from mononucleosis, a bowel disease and bronchitis and lost 20 pounds in the process. He began contemplating life without hockey. "'The doctors thought I might have colitis, which would have ended my career," said Stewart. "They would have had to take part of my colon out. I was thinking about going to school and joining the RCMP like my dad. But then things started to get better." Portland Winter Hawks' general manager Brian Shaw, looking to bolster his team for the Western Hockey League playoffs, acquired Stewart from Brandon on the Feb. 10 trading deadline. "I just started skating 10 days ago," said Stewart, who scored his first goal in his second game back Sunday as Portland beat the hapless New Westminster Bruins 6-4 at Queens Park Arena. "I have a lot of work ahead of me but fortunately I'm with a good hockey team. I also have to thank Brandon, which won't make the playoffs, for trading me to a contender so I could try and salvage my season.'

Vernon puts early end to season for Knights Canadian Press Nanaimo Clippers, Merritt Warriors and the Penticton Knights had something in common Saturday night. They were erased in four straight games from B.C. Junior Hockey League playoffs. Richmond got four goals from Mike McCormick and a 31-save performance by Frank Romeo while drubbing the Clippers 7-0 in Nanaimo. The Sockeyes now wait for the winner of the best-of-seven DeltaLangley coastal semi-final, which continues tonight with the Flyers leading 2-1 after a stirring rally for a 10-8 victory Saturday. Merritt Warriors put up a struggle to avoid elimination, before losing 5-4 at home. Kelowna advances to the Interior final against the Vernon Lakers, who knocked out the defending Centennial Cup champions on goals by Alan Young, Shawn Howard, Craig Bedard and Campbell Blair.
