# The Times-Transcript — 1987-05-01 — p.31

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1987-05-01
**Page:** 31
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107079074/?match=1&terms=%22Centennial%20Cup%22
**Image ID:** 1107079074

## Paragraphs

read sports sections of the major daily newspapers. At least one newspaper report suggested the story was the broken Can- in an attempt to demoralize adiens in their series against the Nordiques. EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) Rumors that Providence College would be losing someone from its athletic department to the New York metropolitan area turned out to be on target - almost. However, the move wasn't the one everyone expected. Rick Pitino remained the Friars' head basketball coach. It was athletic director Lou Lamoriello who said goodbye Thursday to Providence and became president of the New Jersey Devils. No contract terms were disclosed. Lamoriello, 44 replaces Bob Butera, who resigned last Friday but remained with the NHL club as a consultant. •... OTTAWA (CP) - With four finalists for the tier two Centennial Cup junior hockey final decided, the governing Canadian Amateur Hockey Association announced Thursday the playoff schedule for the round-robin series in Humboldt, Sask. Starting Saturday, Atlantic champion Dartmouth, N.S., Fuel Kids open against the host Humboldt. On Sunday, Richmond, B.C., Sockeyes play Dartmouth, and Humboldt meets the Pembroke, Ont., Lumber Kings. The round concludes with Pembroke against Richmond on
