# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-04-11 — p.12

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-04-11
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558335416/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 558335416

## Paragraphs

Queens finished third during the regular season, losing out to Lethbridge in the semifinals. "I'm looking forward to next year," she added. "And I hope personally I can improve as well." Bragg won't be returning to RDC next season, but left with a great taste in his mouth. "But it could have been better," he added. "I would give up a dozen of these awards just to win the nationals." Kings lost to national champion Limoilou College of Quebec City in the National semifinals, and setted for third place overall. "This makes up for it a little, but not completely. But, it certainly is nice to be recognized." Warchola finished second in the voting for the award. Joyce Robinson, who placed second in ACAC cross-country running, and led the RDC badminton team to a second place finish in the conference, was runnerup in the women's division. It was also announced at the banquet that RDC won the supremacy trophy, emblematic for the most points accumulated in all sports during the ACAC season, for the 14th time. RDC had 462 points with NAIT at 457 and Mount Royal 452. Warchola also was the major recipient of an athletic scholarship award during the evening, receiving the $1,000 Dr. Bill Carter Memorial Scholarship, presented to a member of the Kings or Red Deer Rustlers attending RDC in a sports medicine related field. Warchola also received an academic excellence award for combining schooling and sports. Dr. Ray McAllister received a special volunteer of the year award for his work with the hockey team while Queens' basketball manager Lorna Scarlett, Al Christensen, who did everything with cross-country skiing, and Kings' hockey assistant coach kelly Rainsforth received team service awards.

bring their act to the Red Deer Arena tonight at 8 p.m. for game three of the western Centennial Cup semifinal series. Sockeyes, on the strength of 11-4 and 6-4 wins in Richmond, lead the series 2-0. The remainder of the AlbertaB.C. set will be played in Red Deer, including LARRY Sunday's fourth game, at BILLOWS 7 p.m.

coach believes beat, including the Sockeyes, who

well as any team I've seen in a long time. They're always after the puck, because they can generate a lot of offence." But, Billows stressed, the Sockeyes are not perfect, despite their amazing 17-0 record in post-season play. "They're basically gutless. Except for maybe five or six players, none of them will go (fight)," explained the Rustler coach.

Rustlers plan to hit 'gutless' Sockeyes
