# The Province — 1987-03-09 — p.17

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-03-09
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502075468/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 502075468

## Paragraphs

Suddenly, he's with a winner Delta Flyers, who downed Langley Eagles 5-3 last night in the deciding game of their best-of-seven semifinal in the Coastal Division of the B.C. Junior Hockey League. The other team in the final is favored defending champion Richmond Sockeyes, who host the first two games of the best-of-seven series at 7:30 p.m. tomorrow and Wednesday at Richmond Arena. Hopper was an assistant coach last season with the struggling Victoria Cougars in the Western Hockey League. This season he's been the assistant coach and director of player personnel with the New Westminster Bruins, who have not had a good season. The former Ontario college coach (at Georgian College) was not used to losing. "I was beginning to wonder," laughed Hopper last night. "These guys (the Flyers) were competitive when I walked into the picture and and I just gave a little

second-period goals in a two minute and 14 second span and downed New Westminster Bruins 7- 1 in a Western Hockey League game at Queen's Park Arena last night. The teams were tied 1-1 after the first period on goals by Mick Vukota of pokane and Bruins' Cal Zankowski. The Chiefs took over in the middle frame when Brent Gilchrist, Mike Hawes and Darcy Loewen all scored. Mark Wingerter scored twice and Grant Delcourt was the other Chiefs' sniper in the third period. The Chiefs now have 68 points in the West Division, 17 behind second-place Portland Winter Hawks. The Bruins loss was their 18th in 19 games and leaves them in last place, eight points back of the Seattle Thunderbirds. In Kamloops, Darcy Norton scored four goals and Rob Brown had a six-point night to pace the Blazers to a 10-2 trimming of the Victoria Cougars. Brown set up five goals to break the single-season assist record of 125 set by Bruce Eakin of Saskatoon Blades in 1981-82.
