# The Province — 1987-04-19 — p.13

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-04-19
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502040018/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 502040018

## Paragraphs

One way or another, Richmond Sockeyes are going to the Centennial Cup. If they beat Humboldt Broncos in their best-of-seven western final, the B.C. junior A hockey champion Sockeyes take the western berth into the -team national championship. But the Broncos also happen to be hosts of the Cup and if they win the final, the Sockeyes will still round out the tournament entry. The western final starts tomorrow and Tuesday in Humboldt. If there's a split, a third game will be played Wednesday with Thursday and Friday off for travel days and the best-of-seven resuming Saturday at Richmond Arena. If either team sweeps the first two games, the travel days are Wednesday and Thursday and play opens Friday at Richmond Arena. Richmond advanced to the final Thursday in Red Deer when Dave Tomlinson scored three goals to pace the Sockeyes to a 9-1 thrashing of the Alberta champion Rustlers, thereby taking the best-ofseven western semifinal 4-3. Rob Clarke, Mike Claringbull, Jason Phillips, Jim Gunn, Mike McCormick and Tony Bobbitt also tallied for the Sockeyes. Red Deer's Pete DeGraaf spoiled Jamie Stewart's shut-out bid. In the Western Hockey League yesterday, Kamloops Blazers shaded Portland Winter Hawks 7-6 in overtime to narrow the best-ofnine series to 4-3 while Medicine Hat Tigers edged Saskatoon Blades 5-4 to tie their best-of-seven at 2.
