# The Leader-Post — 1987-05-08 — p.42

**Publication:** The Leader-Post
**Date:** 1987-05-08
**Page:** 42
**Location:** Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/496960544/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 496960544

## Paragraphs

HUMBOLDT (CP) - The Richmond Sockeyes whipped the Pembroke Lumber Kings 9-3 in a semifinal clash Thursday night to advance to the final game in the Centennial Cup junior a hockey championship tournament. The Sockeyes, from British Columbia, will meet the Saskatchewan champion Humboldt Broncos in the sudden-death final Saturday night. The game is rematch of the Western Canada championship in which the Sockeyes edged the Broncos 4-3 in the best-of-seven series. Richmond, which made it to the semi-final with a 2-1 record in the round-robin portion of the tournament, got past Pembroke on goals by Trevor Dickie, Steve Jaques, Matt Hervey, Brian Kozak, Paul Rutherford, Jason Phillips, Tony Bobbitt, Bryon Moller and Bill Hardy. The Lumber Kings, the Ontario champions, who had a 1-2 record in the round-robin, got goals from Dave Van Hoof, George Dupont and Chris Clarke. The Sockeyes, who outshot Pembroke 44-32 and took 11 of 17 minor penalties, led 1-0 after the first period and 3-0 after the second.

guided the Junior Nats in the two years before Templeton took over. This past season was Hitchcock's third at the helm of the Blazers. His WHL coaching record, including playoffs, is an amazing 188-62-9. Chambers has considerable coaching experience. A former head coach of the OHL's Toronto Marlboros, he has been top man with Canada's national under-18 team for the last two years and he has coached Italy's national senior team at several world championships. Jodoin, meanwhile, guided the Patriotes to their first-ever Canadian Interuniversity Athletic Union hockey championship March 22 in Edmonton. Besides Sauter, Wilson and Hitchcock, only one other WHL coach applied, that being Wayna Naka of the Victoria Cougars. Templeton was the sole OHL coach to apply while there were two entries from the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League - Real Paiement, head coach of the Granby Bisons, and Jacques Tremblay, who held the same post with the St. Jean Castors. One other applicant of note from this province was Humboldt Broncos head coach and general manager Bernie Lynch, who has guided his team to two consecutive Saskatchewan Amateur Junior Hockey League championships. The national junior team will hold its annual summer camp this August, likely in Ottawa. A final selection camp will be held in December.
