# The Columbian — 1987-07-22 — p.28

**Publication:** The Columbian
**Date:** 1987-07-22
**Page:** 28
**Location:** Vancouver, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/817075362/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 817075362

## Paragraphs

at Bonneville Dam Tuesday 492 chinook salmon, 4,262 steelhead, 617 sockeye, 92 shad, 5 coho.

BASEBALL American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES- -Named Calvin Hill to the team's s board of directors. National League PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES- -Announced that Joe Cowley, pitcher, will not play for the remainder of the season. BASKETBALL AMATUER BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION OF THE USA- -Named George Raveling assistant coach and Bill Stein team manager for the 1988 Olympic men's basketball team. FOOTBALL National Football League CLEVELAND BROWNS- -Signed Tim Fox, safety. DENVER BRONCOS -Signed Warren Marshall, running back. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS- -Signed Christian Okoye, running back, to three one-year contracts. MIAMI DOLPHINS- -Agreed to terms with Tom Brown, fullback. PHILADELPHIA EAGLES- -Signed Charles Crawford, running back, to three one-year contracts. SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS- Signed Vincent Carreker, cornerback, Steve DeLine, kicker, and Paul Belluomini, center. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS--Signed Dave Wyman, linebacker, and Tommie Agee, fullback. TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS- -Agreed to terms with Chris Washington, linebacker. HOCKEY National Hockey League HARTFORD WHALERS- -Signed John McLean, defenseman. Announced that Mike McEwen, defenseman, has signed a contract to play in Switzerland. NEW YORK RANGERS- -Signed Rudy Poeschek, forward. PHILADELPHIA FLYERS- -Signed Don Biggs, center. Traded Jeff Brubaker, left wing, to the New York Rangers for future considerations. International Hockey League IHL- -Suspended the Fort Wayne Komets and Indianapolis Checkers for the 1987-88 season due to financial reasons. U.S. OLYMPIC FESTIVAL VOLLEYBALL Suspended Hugh Foster, Samantha Shaver, Boyer and Carl Henkel for dormitory violations.
