# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-05-06 — p.62

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-05-06
**Page:** 62
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495158433/?match=1&terms=%22Centennial%20Cup%22
**Image ID:** 495158433

## Paragraphs

HUMBOLDT, Sask. - Pembroke Lumber Kings, on the strength of five power play goals, trounced Dartmouth Fuel Kids 8-4 Tuesday night to advance to the Centennial Cup playoff round. The Ontario champions finished the round-robin portion of the national Junior A hockey championships at 1-2 while Dartmouth was winless at 0-3. Pembroke will meet the loser of tonight's first-place showdown between Richmond Sockeyes and Humboldt Broncos in Thursday's semi-final. The RichmondHumboldt winner receives a bye into Saturday night's championship 1 final.

Sockeye vet has sights set on career in air By ELLIOTT PAP included private flying lessons at HUMBOLDT, Sask. - For most Boundary Bay. Vancouver is a junior hockey players, the thought major city with so many opportuniof some day flying down the ice in a ties and I'm getting connections in Stanley Cup final is what life is all the aviation field while I'm here. about. "I'm also enjoying the more reRichmond Sockeye defenceman laxed environment of tier two Mike Claringbull has pondered that hockey.' and opted for flying of a different Claringbull has two weeks rekind - namely, the real thing. maining in his commercial pilot "It never was a childhood dream training and a summer job at Vanof mine to play hockey. I've always couver International Airport as a wanted to be a pilot," said Claring- dock attendant. bull, relaxing in his hotel room "Eventually I would like to fly for Tuesday as the Sockeyes enjoyed a a major airline, because that's day off at the Centennial Cup junior where the good money is," he said. A championships. "But my immediate goal is to beA native of St. Lawrence, Nfld., come a bush pilot. I have an uncle Claringbull moved to Pincher flying with Wardair who once flew Creek, Alta., at the age of 10 and bush and he said he enjoyed that the began a successful minor hockey most.' career that would take him to Medi- The irony of seeking a flying cacine Hat Tigers of the major junior in the bush over a hockey caWestern League and, in 1985, to the reer that would start in the bush Montreal Canadiens' organization. (leagues) isn't lost on Claringbull. "I was drafted in the "Just like hockey," he laughed, round and went to two training "you have to start at the bottom. camps with Montreal," said Flying bush is like being in the Claringbull. "They offered me a minors.' lousy contract last fall which they expected me to turn down. But that
