# Anchorage Times — 1987-07-23 — p.28

**Publication:** Anchorage Times
**Date:** 1987-07-23
**Page:** 28
**Location:** Anchorage, Alaska
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1056888075/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1056888075

## Paragraphs

While the second run of king salmon remains spotty - varying from good to poor daily - state biologists are certain catchable numbers of fish can be found throughout the river. The big fish are showing up in state studies, but not in anglers' boats. That's not the case, though, with red salmon - everybody's seeing and taking them. So many sockeye have entered the river that the Department of Fish & Game announced a personal use dipnet fishery opening on the extreme lower river for noon today. The

Associated Press SEATTLE - A "fish swap" and added restrictions on ocean salmon sport fishing have been implemented in an effort to prevent anglers from exceeding catch quotas and forcing all early end to the season. The moves are necessary because the chinook salmon quota is running low, while there are still plenty of coho salmon to be caught. The entire fishery would be closed if the chinook quota is met. The Department of Fisheries has ordered that anglers in the north coast sector, from LaPush north to Neah Bay, must release any chinook salmon they catch, rh 10 bi said Whittier Johnson, depart1 0 1 ment spokesman. 2 2 That ruling came after char2 1 0 ter captains on the south part of 0 1 the coast - Westport and Ilwaco — last week agreed to "give" 700 chinook in their quotas to Neah 9 6 Bay, which had already reached its quota of chinook. - 8 Neah Bay in turn gave the Il- 7 waco quota 450 silvers. 2B- North "Had that 700 fish not been Cline, SB transferred up there (to Neah SO Bay), they would have had to have stopped salmon fishing alto1 gether. They probably gained 1 0 three to five weeks on the season," said Mark Cedergreen, 0 with the Washington State Char1 Kracl ter Boat Association, and a charto 1 ter boat owner in Westport. by He said that while the giveaCage camp starts Anchorage Christian School's Camp of Champ basketball camp begins next week. Girls' Week will be held July 27-31, with Boys' Week running intact, Aug. 3-8. The camp will run from 9 a.m. through 9 p.m. each day. The cost is $150 for each camper. Guest speakers will include Ken Brooks, assistant coach at Liberty University, and Jim Huckabee, head coach at Herit-
