# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-05-08 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-05-08
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325313337/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 325313337

## Paragraphs

EDMONTON (CP) - The Detroit Wings found out the hard way Daily Free Press Thursday that if you give Mark Friday, May 8, 1967 9 Messier a little room he'll hurt you. on shot what Messier to Edmonton's Wayne provide scored Gret- first Sports zky plosive" called an then "ex- Sports Editor start, demoralized the Kevin Mitchell Wings with a 753-3451 goal as the Oilers won 4-1. The best-of-seven "We made the mistake of giving Campbell Con- Detroit Messier coach too much Jacques ice," Demers. lamented ference final now is MARK tied 1-1 with the Messier took a pass from Paul MESSIER in Coffey, cut to the right side and ...burns Wings next two games beat Detroit goaltender Greg Stefan Detroit. The other Stanley Cup semifinal, low to the glove side. the Wales Conference series, is also 'SCOOPS PUCK' tied 1-1 with the Philadelphia Flyers "He's got a little curve on the end in Montreal to meet the Canadiens of his stick where he scoops the tonight. puck in and flicks it," Stefan said. "That was a big goal, a great ef- "'You can't pick it up right away.' fort on Mark's part," Gretzky said The Oilers grabbed a 2-0 lead of Messier's first goal 52 seconds when Jari Kurri scored short-handinto the game. It was Messier's 50th ed late in 'the period, his 60th career career playoff goal. playoff goal. Sockeyes es move to final game HUMBOLDT, Sask. (CP) - The Richmond Sockeyes whipped the Pembroke Lumber Kings 9-3 in a semifinal clash Thursday night to advance to the final game in the Centennial Cup junior a hockey championship tournament. The Sockeyes, from British Columbia, will meet the Saskatchewan champion Humboldt Broncos in the sudden-death final Saturday night. Richmond, which made it to the semifinal with a 2-1 record in the roundrobin portion of the tournament, got past Pembroke on goals by Trevor Dickie, Steve Jaques, Matt Hervey, Brian Kozak, Paul Rutherford, Jason Phillips, Tony Bobbitt, Bryon Moller and Bill Hardy. The Lumber Kings, the Ontario champions, who had a 1-2 record in the round-robin, got goals from Dave Van Hoof, George Dupont and Chris Clarke. The Sockeyes, who outshot Pembroke 44-32 and took 11 of 17 minor penalties, led 1-0 after the first period and 3-0 after the second. The Broncos won all three of their games in the round-robin section of the tournament, including a 6-1 decision over Richmond. The fourth team in the tournament, the Dartmouth Fuel Kids from Nova Scotia, lost all three of its round-robin games. Nanaimo entries in Molson Salao Soccer A pair of Nanaimo teams are among the six entries in the Molson ROUNDUP Cup '87 Salao Indoor Soccer Tour-
