# The Daily Herald-Tribune — 1987-03-12 — p.5

**Publication:** The Daily Herald-Tribune
**Date:** 1987-03-12
**Page:** 5
**Location:** Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/731237742/?match=1&terms=%22Quesnel%20Millionaires%22
**Image ID:** 731237742

## Paragraphs

By MONTE STEWART Herald-Tribune staff It can't happen twice, can it? Fort St. John Huskies are hoping the answer is Yes; Grande Prairie North Stars want to deliver a resounding No. The Huskies come to Johnny Macdonald Arena tonight (8:30 p.m.) for the fourth game of a Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League semifinal series, which the North Stars lead 2-1. Grande Prairie had controlled the best-of-seven affair before Tuesday night, when the Huskies skated away with an 8-6 home-ice victory. "*You'll see a totally different game (than Tuesday)," says Grande Prairie's Murray Head. The 20-year-old says the Stars didn't play up to their abilities Tuesday because "nobody was working as a unit of five.' The other PCJHL semi has proved that no lead is guaranteed. After losing the first two games, Quesnel Millionaires have rallied to take a 3-2 lead over Prince George Spruce Kings. Tomorrow night in Quesnel, the Millionaires have a chance to dethrone the four-time defending champion Spruce Kings. "Nobody could say that (the North Stars) blew us away, says Huskies' winger Dean Godberson about the first two games of the series. The 19-year-old Fort St. John native has been on a scoring tear in this series. He produced four goals Tuesday and has five markers in the series between the second-place Huskies and third-place Stars. "It just can't happen," says Grande Prairie goaltender Joe Degirolamo about the possibility of the Huskies tying the series. "We WON'T play bad two times in a row." Lee Wiebe is expected to start in goal for the North Stars as Grande Prairie coach Ken Head continues the practice of alternating his netminders. Sixteenyear-old Ian McLeod will get his third start for the Huskies. McLeod picked up the win Tuesday night. North Stars will be without at least two players. Brad Kezema is out indefinitely with strained knee ligaments and fellow winger Jon Rivard is sidelined with a broken finger suffered in a bar fight with a Fort St. John fan after Game 2. The Huskies' supporter had been involved in a fight in the stands during the game. "Some guy just needed to be tuned in," said the 18-year-old Rivard about the fight. The injury will likely keep him out of action until the next series - if the Stars advance that far. "It's a crazy season with everything happening that way," says Kezema, alluding to a recent Daily Herald-Tribune article which indicated the Stars had partied too heavily before their final regular season game against Dawson Creek Capitals. *'There's still no reason why we can't win this league," added Kezema, who was involved in the off-ice fisticuff session that led to Rivard's injury.
