# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-10-01 — p.17

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-10-01
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495432080/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 495432080

## Paragraphs

"New Westminster has made some unbelievably good moves," said Brian Shaw, Portland's general manager. "They've filled a lot of holes. I think they will probably finish second in our division." Last season, when it was apparent the Bruins were going nowhere, g.m. John Olver began dealing off veteran players for younger legs. Additional off-season trades, the maturing of tier two farmhands and the loss of dominant players on opposing teams should make a world of difference. "We're solid in goal, solid on defence and solid up front," said Van Horlick yesterday. "If we don't win, it will be the coach's fault." Rookie Dusty Imoo, from the B.C. Junior League's Kelowna Packers, and Ray Woodley, on his way back from the New York Rangers' camp, will be Van Horlick's puckstoppers. Anchoring the blueline are Jayson More, the Rangers' No. 1 draft choice in '87, Darwin McPherson, drafted by Boston in the fourth round last spring, and Mark Kuntz, acquired from Medicine Hat in a trade. Also returning are Donneau Menard, Link Gaetz and Scott Farrell while new faces are Paul Epoch from Kitchener of the Ontario Hockey League and Steve Jaques from the Centennial Cup champion Richmond Sockeyes. Curtis Hunt, acquired from Prince Albert, is still in the Vancouver Canucks' camp and appears headed for a minor league job in the Canucks' system. Up front, last year's top four pointgetters are all returning. Scott Rawson (29-48-77), Stuart Sage (47- 29--76), Cal Zankowski (35-35-70) and Sean LeBrun (23-37--60) will be joined by highly touted rookie Stu Barnes, last season's rookie-of-the-
