# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-02-25 — p.51

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-02-25
**Page:** 51
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495321629/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 495321629

## Paragraphs

slump since Ren Canadian Press beat Oiler goalie Andy Moog on 10 Edmonton Oilers have lost two shots in the first period. Paul Cofconsecutive games and coach ( Glen fey and Mark Messier scored for Sather says his team may be pay- Edmonton before Ville Siren added ing a price for being too good. Pittsburgh's final goal with 8:04 Six Oilers were on the National left. Hockey League team for the Ren- Pittsburgh centre Mario Ledez-Vous series against the Soviets mieux returned to the lineup after on Feb. 11 and 13, and the week-long missing four games with bronchitis break has disrupted Edmonton's and did not have a shot on goal or momentum. a point in seeing spot duty. The Oilers lost 5-2 to the Penguins in In Quebec, Risto Siltanen had two behind 4-0 for the second goals and two assists and Anton Pittsburgh on Tuesday night, Stastny had falling in a row. a goal three assists and game as the "I don't think gotten over Nordiques connected on four the Rendez-Vous of five power plays to beat Minneseries," Sather sota 5-4. said. "I don't think team has played the same since." Lou Nanne, the North Stars' genCaptain Wayne Gretzky acknow- eral manager, disliked the work of ledged the Oilers are in a slump but referee Ron Fournier and yelled also praised the e Penguins, who won obscenities and tossed paper to the their second consecutive game. ice from the press box. "I'm a believer that when a team In Buffalo, N. Y., Tony McKegney plays well you've got to give them had three goals and Pierre credit,"' Gretzky said. "They Larouche had two as the Rangers played extremely well and we overcame a 3-1 deficit to end Bufplayed bad. That's three games out falo's five-game winning streak, of four that we've played poorly winning 6-3. One of Buffalo's goals and we've got to get our act to- was scored by Ken Priestlay, who gether." was recalled Monday from Victoria John Chabot, Craig Simpson, Cougars of the Western Hockey Warren Young and Dan Frawley all League. Savijarvi on top Canadian Press The versatile Percy, the only Lisa Savijarvi of Bracebridge, Canadian woman to ski all four Ont., gave her shaken confidence a World Cup disciplines, had been boost Tuesday by winning the Ex- plagued in training runs by port A Canadian women's downhill strained thigh muscles. ski championship at Rossland. The Export A alpine series conSavijarvi, 23, who has struggled tinues Thursday with the superto find her form on the World Cup giant slalom race, in which Percy is circuit this also the defending champion. season, won • Alain Villiard of her first na- Ste-Adele, Que., made it two in a row over Jim tional downhill Read of Calgary on Tuesday, wintitle by flashning the slalom event by less than ing the one tenth of a second at the Canaddown Granite Moun- ian men's skiing championship in tain course in Stoneham, Que. one minute, 33.01 seconds. Villiard was the leader after the Starting SAVIJARVI first run and his combined time was 11th, Savijarvi one minute, 30.28 seconds. Read, edged defending champion Karen who had the fastest second-run Percy of Banff, Alta., by just five time, Robert finished in 1:30.37. one-hundredths of a second. Laurie Trottier of Montreal Graham of Inglewood, Ont., Can- wound up third in 1:32.80. ada's premier woman downhiller, Read was another double chamwas third in 1:33.96. pion at the nationals. He won the Hometown favorite Kerrin Lee super giant slalom race on Friday was fourth in

SPECIAL TEAMS BOOST LAKERS Canadian Press Special teams and an early goal helped the Vernon Lakers get the jump on the Penticton Knights with a 6-2 victory as the B.C. Junior Hockey League playoffs got under way on three fronts Tuesday night. Vernon scored four power goals and added a shorthanded marker to take a 1-0 lead in their best-of-seven series. Al Young, who scored once on the power play and got the shorthanded goal, and Mark Greyeyes counted twice for Vernon. In the other quarter-final openers, Kevin Taillefer scored four times as the Kelowna Packers drubbed the Merritt Warriors 11-1 and Brian Kozak scored twice in an overtime period as the Richmond Sockeyes registered a 7-4 win over Nanaimo Clippers. The playoffs continue tonight with Vernon at Penticton, Kelowna at Merritt, Nanaimo at Richmond and the Delta Flyers opening their series with the Eagles in Langley.

Going from the Vancouver Canucks to the Toronto Maple Leafs is like jumping from t the Titanic to the Lusitania, but Rick Lanz feels it has been a lifesaver for his hockey career. The 25-year-old defenceman, the Canucks' top draft pick in 1980, was in a bewildered state when he left the team under mysterious circum- Things got to be so stances last frustrating that November, then resur- couldn't perform. faced : a week later RICK LANZ convinced the only alternative to an early re- NHL said. "'There's nothing personal tirement against the Canucks. I wish was to get NOTEBOOK them all the success. I hope peoout. MIKE ple don't take it the wrong way, Said BEAMISH but it was something I had to L a n 2 : do."

• It's no wonder Soviet coach Anatoli Tarasov is eager to get back to Canuckland for an operation to repair his wonky hip. Where else do they give you room service and a free lunch to criticize their hockey team? Crazy people, these capitalists. When he left Vancouver a couple of weeks ago, Tarasov was loaded down with mementos from the Canucks, including a desk top totem pole and a Haida Indian talking stick usually reserved for visiting heads of state. One of Tarasov's most prized souvenirs is Steve Tambellini's hockey stick. Tarasov is an admirer of Tambellini's father, Addie, who played with the 1961 world champion Trail Smoke Eaters. Besides feeling wronged and his character impugned, Pat Quinn's insistence on fighting his suspension has a practical side. "I don't think it will inhibit my ability to work with other clubs," he said. "But I don't want anybody I work with here to ever doubt that I'm not being straightforward with them."

Special to The Sun CALGARY - "I'm cheering for the Jets," Tom Watt said while forcing a smile and nursing a beer. Cheering for Vancouver Canucks at the Saddledome Tuesday night wasn't much fun for Watt as the NHL's poorest excuse for a hockey team was blanked 2-0 by Calgary Flames. So, coach Watt jumped on the Jets' bandwagon, praying Winnipeg would do him a favor by beating Los Angeles Kings, the team Vancouver has to catch to avoid an early tee -time on the golf course. Yet, just as Watt was noting that the Jets might beat L.A., Flames' executive Al Coates strode by and piped: "Kings 8-3". Nothing like bad news to make a man's brew go flat: "Why don't you keep walking, rabbit ears?" quipped Watt, struggling to maintain his sense of humor after watching a red-hot Reggie Lemelin hang an old-fashioned goose egg on the Canucks. "I don't think we were a screwup defensively," Watt had noted earlier in grasping for a silver lining. "Our penalty killing improved." Although the Canucks kept Lemelin hopping with 33 shots, their powerless play continued, going 0- 3. They've failed to pot a powerplay goal in their last 17 chances. Furthermore, the drought continued for captain Stan Smyl and Petri Skriko, neither of whom has scored in the last 11 games. Smyl, who is also pointless in his last nine games, didn't even get a shot on goal. "We have a lot of guys having dry spells," understated Watt, whose Canucks trail the Kings by 11 points with 17 games remaining. "I've been pleased with our efforts all year, but, when you don't get points, you can't keep saying that." The last thing Vancouver needed last night was to run into a hot goaltender. But that they did in Lemelin, who hasn't lost since Dec. 11.
