# The Abbotsford News — 1987-03-04 — p.13

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-03-04
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536899338/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 536899338

## Paragraphs

Saturday marked the end to one of in the best-of-seven semifinal, losing those penthouse-to-outhouse type the final two games on home ice. seasons for Penticton Knights. Kelowna Packers, tops in the InThe B.C. Junior Hockey League which the Centennial terior Division this season, swept squad, captured Merritt Warriors and now meet the Cup championship in 1986 - Lakers in a best-of-seven final. emblematic of Canadian supremacy in junior A hockey - went from In the Coastal Division, Richmond riches to rags in four games last Sockeyes erased Nanaimo Clippers week. from the playoff picture in four Knights, who finished third in the straight games. Sockeyes now await five-team Interior Division, was the winner of the Langley Eaglesswept by second-place Vernon Lakers Delta Flyers' series, which is tied 2-2.

Atom hosts stay happy with post- points Home ice has been somewhat of an in their first two games. Sunday, Abadvantage for Abbotsford ABC botsford tied South Delta 5-5 and Restaurant in the 1987 Pacific Coast outlasted North Surrey 7-5. Amateur Hockey Association Atom The double-round robin playoff conAAA playoffs. cludes this weekend with eight games Coquitiam, South Delta, North Sur- scheduled. rey and Abbotsford are the only Abbotsford plays Saturday against teams remaining in the playoffs from Coquitlam and South Delta at 10:45 the original 10 qualifiers. a.m. and 4 p.m. respectively. Sunday, Last weekend, Abbotsford ABC ABC Restaurant plays Coquitiam at Restaurant earned a tie and a victory 12:30 p.m. and North Surrey 6:15.
