# The Abbotsford News — 1987-09-19 — p.24

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-09-19
**Page:** 24
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536733310?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536733310

## Paragraphs

### Region 162,609 → 1328,1861

by Russ Ullyot The Chilliwack Progress The British Columbia. Junior Hockey League begins its 1987-88 season this weekend, with the experts watching to see if Richmond Sockeyes can repeat their powerhouse | performance of last spring. After winning the Coastal Division, the Sockeyes went on the Centennial Cup, emblamatic of Tier Two Junior A hockey supremacy in Canada. The Sockeyes didn't have the best regular season record in the BCJHL last year = that distinction belonged to the Kelowna Packers, who lost only five of of 52 games all season. The BCJHL has added a 12th team for 1 the '87-88 season. Back in the fold after a one-year leave are the Salmon Arm Tigers, who will be part of the Interior Division, which includes Kelowna Packers, Vernon Lakers, Penticton Knights, Merritt Centennials and Summerland Buckaroos. The Coast Division features Richmond Sockeyes, Delta Flyers, Nanaimo Clippers, Juan De Fuca Whalers, Abbotsford Falcons and Chilliwack Eagles. (Here is a preview of the Falcon's Coastal Division competition.) Richmond Sockeyes Last year's record: 38-14-0 - first place. The Sockeyes have just four players - none of whom play defence - returning from last year's championship roster, but coach Orland Kurtenbach knows his players and the organization does one of the best jobs of recruiting in all of hockey. Last year's club also had only four returning players, and two those were traded away by Christmas. The only player who has been with the club for more than one season is 20-year-old goalie Glenn Pencer, who is entering his fifth season with the Sockeyes. Last year, he posted a 4.20 goals-against average, while sharing the netminding with Frank Romeo. The other returning players include right winger Rob Clarke, 20. Clarke was third in the Coast Division scoring with 65 goals and 35 assists last year. Centre Jason Tallo, 17, and right winger Tony Bobbit, 19, round out the four returnees.
