# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-12-17 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-12-17
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325619184?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325619184

## Paragraphs

Notes and quotes from around the B.C. Junior Hockey League... •Nanaimo Clippers certainly won't have m much of a home ice advantage when Vernon Lakers visit Civic Arena Friday night. The highly rated Lakers lead the B.C. Junior Hockey League with an 11-3 mark away from home and are riding an 11-game road winning streak. Laker general manager Mel Lis has a theory on why the Lakers are so tough on the road. "Most arenas are bigger than our own and since we skate so well, we do better in those rinks," said Lis. "Also the pressure of friends and relatives isn't with them on the road. think the guys are more together on our away games. They really don't talk enough hockey at home, whereas on the road we're closer to one another in that bus atmosphere so we tend to talk and think more about hockey while we're on the road." • A few weeks ago, Brian 'McFarlane had been traded to Kelowna Packers, only to discover he enjoyed life more as a Richmond Sockeye. Wednesday night, McFarlane scored five goals and added an assist as the Sockeyes trounced the visiting Abbotsford Falcons 11-1 in the only BCJHL game. Barry Kress had three goals and two assists for the Sockeyes, who held period leads of 1-0 and 4-0. Other Richmond scorers were Dwayne Wills, Sasha Pogor and Tony Bobbitt. •Goalie Jamie Stewart, who starred with Langley Eagles last season, is listed with the second best average (3.18 in six games) in the Central Collegiate Hockey Association. He plays with Michigan State Spartans. Forward John dePourcq (Penticton Knights) is 12th in CCHA scoring with eight goals and 17 points with Ferris State, while Shawn Harrison (Kelowna Packers) is third in the WCHA derby with 12 goals and 23 points with Denver Pioneers. Steve Tuttle (Richmond Sockeyes) is tied for sixth spot in the WCHA with 12 goals and 20 points for Wisconsin Badgers. Dave Shields (Penticton) is a top scorer with Denver Pioneers and has been
