# Star-Phoenix — 1987-05-07 — p.1

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-05-07
**Page:** 1
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512096542/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 512096542

## Paragraphs

O THURSDAY REPORT Local Weather Rica-based forces in their war posed by Justice Minister Ray FED UP: Transient contrac- ment, against rebel Nicaragua's officials govern- D9 Hnatyshyn clearly goes beyond chil- Index tors have many residents in 5 say. punishing exploitation of communities north of Saska- SINS CAUSED PAIN: Jim dren and depictions of sexual B5-B8 toon fed up with shoddy work- Bakker's sexual misconduct violence and degradation. ParAgriculture/Business manship and being hounded has created "pain in denominational the body liament should think twice be- Ann Landers D7 daily. A3 of Christ," a fore enforcing provisions ADAPT OR DIE: Two-thirds of leader said after the PTL which go far beyond that, an S- Classified C1-C11 Saskatchewan's manufactur- founder and aide Richard P Opinion says. A4 have shied from tech- Dortch were defrocked. D11 Comics Section C ers away nology changes which are their Lotteries Entertainment D1-D5 key to survival, says David Sports Wicks LOTTO 6-36: The unofficial Malcolm, provincial represent- HUMBOLDT ADVANCES: Lotto 6-36 numbers are: 6. 9, Forum A4-A5 ative of the Canadian Manufac- The Humboldt Broncos defeat- "Once a womanizer always a 15, 21, 27, 31 The bonus number turers' Association. B5 ed the Richmond Sockeyes 6-1 womanizer." is 16. Kids' Corner Section C Kevin Rogers, 7 to earn a berth in the Centenni- EXPRESS: The unofficial Codette School al final Satur- land Winter Hawks 7-2 Western numbers Parliament C12 Cup hockey on to win Express National day. B1 the Western Hockey League fi- are: For $100.000 - 1297273; Prov./City A3,A7-A8,A10 | CAUGHT UP: The acquisition International HABS EVEN SERIES: Mon- nal 4-3 and advance to the Me- and for $10.000 1323807. of a fleet of nuclear-powered CONTRAS TO MERGE: Ni- treal Canadiens returned to the morial Cup. B3 2243945, 2042443 and 1867956. Sports B1-B4 hunter-killer submarines could caraguan rebel leaders have basics Wednesday to defeat the LOTTO 6-49: The unofficial reached an accord to merge Philadelphia Flyers 5-2. B1 Forum Lotto 6-49 numbers are: 5. 16. TV Listings D5 see Canada inexorably caught in the United States' aggres- the largest U.S.-backed insur- TIGERS ADVANCE Medicine PORN BILL: The new anti- 19, 25, 46 and 48. The bonus up Second Class Mail Registration Number - 0098 sive naval strategy. A15 gent army with rival Costa Hat Tigers whipped the Port- pornography legislation pro- number is 38.
