# The Globe and Mail — 1987-05-11 — p.34

**Publication:** The Globe and Mail
**Date:** 1987-05-11
**Page:** 34
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1218899744/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1218899744

## Paragraphs

Centre with the Toronto Maple Leats, New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, Oakland Seals and Minnesola North Slars of the Nationat Hockey League and the Minnesota Fighting Saints and Quebec Nor. diques of the World Hockey Associalion belween 1959 and 1976. Career record - 108 goals, 245 assists in 676 regular-season NHL games, 7-10 in 35 playoff games: 60 goals. 144 assists in 305 WHA regular-season games, 8-14 in 33 playoti games. Hampson was born in Togo, Sash., and grew up in Flin Flon, Man., where the juniors won the 1957 Memorial Cup. Duane Rupp and Orland Kurtenbach were among his leammates in a win over HullOttawa, a team that included Ralph Backstrom, Bobby Rousseau and Gilles and J.C. Tremblay. For the next 19 years. Hampson played pro hockey with tive NHL teams, two in the WHA and in the minors at Providence, Rochester, Baltimore, Pillsburgh. Brandon and Vancouver, "When I started, there were only the six leams in the NHL and as long as somebody showed interest in you. you were happy," he said recently. He started in the Ranger system, was claimed on waivers by Toronto in 1959, dratted back by New York in 1960. drafted by Detroit in 1963. traded to Oakland in 1968 and lo Minnesola in 1971 and was taken by the New York Islanders in the 1972 expansion dratt. Instead, he jumped 10 the WHA Fighting Saints. • The money was about the same, but al 35 / didnt want to make another career move." he said. ' Bull would have been better staying in the
