# The Province — 1987-04-05 — p.19

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-04-05
**Page:** 19
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502026563/?match=1&terms=%22Quesnel%20Millionaires%22
**Image ID:** 502026563

## Paragraphs

By FRANK LUBA Sports Reporter An Australian playing ice hockey? You've got to be kidding! Damian Holland has received a fair amount of ribbing over his homeland but, like movie hero Crocodile Dundee, the Quesnel Millionaires' goaltender has proved he's no joke. Holland registered a strong effort Friday in the Millionaires' 4-3 loss to the B.C. Junior Hockey League champion Richmond Sockeyes in the opening game of the teams' best-of-three provincial junior A championship. Richmond swept the series last night with a 5-1 victory and will host Alberta champion Red Deer Rustlers in the opening games of the best-of-seven Centennial Cup western semifinal, 7:30 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday at Richmond Arena. The Sockeyes outshot the visitors from the Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League 41-28 Friday and 42-17 last night, with the Aussie playing well again. Holland may be just 18 and a rookie, but he doesn't lack experience. A native of Swindon, England, he grew up in Montreal but moved to Adelaide, South Australia five years ago - where he plays at the top level. He was also the Aussies' national goalie at the recent world C championships in Denmark. Although the team finished last and winless, Holland's stand-up, challengethe-shooter style earned him his team's most valuable player honors. The 5'11", 165-pound Aussie wound up in Quesnel via a tortuous route. Stopping over last year in Vancouver with the national team, he was scouted by Penticton of the BCJHL. Holland was the last cut and moved on to another
