# Times Colonist — 1987-11-26 — p.14

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1987-11-26
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508716443/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 508716443

## Paragraphs

RICHMOND - Brilliant goaltending by 16-year-old Byron Dafoe wasn't enough to stop the Juan de Fuca Whalers from going down 3-1 to Richmond Sockeyes Wednesday night in a B.C. Junior Hockey League game. Dafoe shut out the Sockeyes completely in the first and third periods and was the only Juan de Fuca player to have a good game after the first period as he turned aside a total of 49 shots. Willie Popp, obtained recently from Oshawa 67's of the Ontario Hockey League, made 35 saves for Richmond. After a scoreless first period, the Sockeyes went ahead 3-1 in the second on goals by Barry Kress, Jason Talo and Greg Hadden. Mike VanSickle got one back for the Whalers. Juan de Fuca was forced to use five Junior B players as they were missing regulars Tim Renton, Glen Whitehead and captain Ian Doak with injuries and Rich Cox was sitting out the second game of a two-game suspension. Cox was suspended after an altercation when the Whalers last played the Sockeyes on Nov. 7 in the Juan de Fuca Arena. Club vice-president Al Sproule said he wasn't very happy with the way the Whalers played. "They played well in the first period, outhitting and outhustling the Sockeyes," Sproule said. "But, apart from Dafoe, they didn't play well after that." The defeat dropped the Whalers' won-lost-tied record to 11-10-1 and left them in a tie for third place with Nanaimo Clippers, although Juan de Fuca has three games in hand. The Whalers' next home game is next Monday at 7:30 p.m. when they play the Clippers.
