# Star-Phoenix — 1987-04-21 — p.41

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-04-21
**Page:** 41
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512310223/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 512310223

## Paragraphs

HUMBOLDT Curtis Chamberlin may have had other things on his mind when he arrived at the Humboldt Uniplex, but a couple of . periods and a scare from the Richmond Sockeyes were enough to snap him back to hockey. Chamberlin scored three times, including twice in the 10-minute overtime period, to lead Humboldt Broncos to a 5-3 win over the Sockeyes in the first game of the best-of-seven Abbott Cup series which opened' in Humboldt on Monday. "I came to the rink today, and it was like I was thinking about something else," said Chamberlin, following the Broncos 17th consecutive playoff win. "We've had a week off (since defeating Selkirk Steelers) and you get used to doing other things. I wasn't geared up to come to the rink at all. Finally I had to say to myself, 'Come on, Curtis, you've got to get going, you've got to start working.' That's what I'm known for: working hard. "I'm not noted as a goal scorer. That's the way our line is; when we put the puck in the net it's a bonus.' Chamberlin converted a two-onone pass from Joey Johannson, firing it high over sliding Sockeye goalie Frank Romeo, to give the Broncos their first lead of the game with 1:39 remaining in the overtime period. The Bronco captain had already scored once in the third period and added a third goal when he floated a shot from a 1

Chamberlin arrives in time for Broncos
