# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-02-26 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-02-26
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324473726/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 324473726

## Paragraphs

Hockey formats set

Third period surge helps Sockeyes

Fourteen ...not happy penalties were assessed by referee Ron Hoggarth and the Rangers took eight, including all three major penalties. "I'm tired of it," Esposito said. "In all my years in hockey even back to when I was a kid listening to Foster Hewitt - I've never heard of one team getting three majors and the other team getting none. **Our penalty killing was unbelievable. It had to be.' Third-period goals by linemates Tony McKegney and Walt Poddubny won it for the Rangers. It was 2-2

of the game followed Hervey with third-period goals on Nanaimo goalie Wade Flaherty, who was again sensational. Just as they did in the opener, the Clippers came out flying, taking a 2-0 lead at 9:09 of the opening period. Darren Biggs made it 1-0 at 5:45 on a powerplay as he cashed in on a rebound in front of Richmond goalie Frank Romeo. Todd Finner and Laurence Amy drew assists. Mike Knapton got Nanaimo's second goal with the Sockeyes playing

Nanaimo will face the Kootenay champion in first-round play under a seven-team format designed for the B.C. Midget AAA Hockey Championships, March 15-19 at Frank Crane Arena. The round-robin tournament could feature just six teams if Nanaimo wins the Vancouver Island title. Should Nanaimo not win Island crown, they would join the tourney as the host team. Under the seven-game format, Nanaimo would also meet Vancouver Island on the first day. Nanaimo is scheduled to play Fraser Valley in their lone March 16 contest, while battling Greater Vancouver 17, OkanaganMainline March 18 and PeaceCariboo March 19. Under the six-game format, Nanaimo will take on Cariboo in firstround play and then meet Fraser Valley, Kootenays, Vancouver and the Okanagan in the next four days of play. The tournament banquet will be held on the Tuesday night at the Tally-Ho.

Sockeyes to topple Nanaimo 7-2 and take a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven B.C. Junior Hockey League playoff series. Game three in the semi-final series goes Friday night at Nanaimo Civic Arena with game four here Saturday. Hervey, a former Victoria Cougar blueliner, gave Richmond a 4-2 lead and opened the floodgates so to speak. Steve Jaques, Brian Kozak and Mike McCormick with his second

Clippers 2, Sockeyes 7 By MICHAEL RHODE The Daily Free Press RICHMOND - Nanaimo Clippers know they can play hockey with the Coastal Division champion Richmond Sockeyes. It's just a case of breaking down and winning a game. Unfortunately for the Clippers, that didn't happen Wednesday night in Richmond as Matt Hervey's goal at 11:12 of the third period broke open a tight game and enabled the

Moller evened the score at 15:47 on a nice individual effort, deking Flaherty to the left side. Former Clipper captain Bill Hardy then scored the eventual winner at 17:43 as he drilled a low shot from gimme range past Flaherty. Kozak set play up from behind the net. "We took some pretty silly penalties in the first period and they really cost us," said Richmond coach Orland Kurtenbach. "Flaherty came up with some really fantastic saves. He really kept them in the game." Kurtenbach wasn't surprised at the goal scoring prowess shown by McCormick. "Mike's played better in the last two weeks. has a big league shot and he's big league strong. He should be able to put the puck in the net." Clipper coach Rich Dutka praised his club's effort despite a 10th straight loss to Richmond in front of 200 fans. "I don't think there were any letdowns tonight," said Dutka. "One thing that we didn't do as well tonight was our forechecking. Some missed scoring opportunities really hurt us as well.' Knapton, Finner and Corky Parkes. provided the Clippers with excellent penalty killing. Knapton and Finner both missed great scoring chances on the same penalty killing shift with Nanaimo up 2-1 in the second period. The Sockeyes outshot Nanaimo 56-39 and took 18 of 33 penalty minutes. Manton took a major and minor for instigating a fight with Sockeye toughie Jim Gunn, who wanted no part of Manton and drew a minor penalty. Clipper penalty king Craig Frankford received a 10-minute for verbally abusing. an official. LAKERS WIN Vernon Lakers took a 2-0 lead in their -seven BCJHL Interior Division se series Wednesday night by dumping Penticton Knights, the defending Centennial Cup champions 6-3. In other games, Langley Eagles edged Delta Flyers 4-3 in overtime and Kelowna Packers nearly had to go the overtime route but beat the Merritt Warriors 5-4. Vernon captain Doug Spooner scored two goals to lead the Lakers •past the Knights in Penticton. Also scoring for Vernon were Shawn Howard, Todd Demchuk, Craig Bedard and Campbell Blair, who scored the winner at 15:05 of the second period on the power play. Penticton goals came from Greg Guest, Ken MacArthur and Todd Hilditch. Eagles 4 Flyers 3 Brad Woitas scored his second goal at 6:44 of death overtime to give Eagles the first game of their series with the Flyers. Jeff McLean and Bruce Kenward also scored for Langley while Bruce Pritchard, Randy Olson and Nanaimo minor hockey product Aaron Nosky provided the Delta goals. Eagles goaltender Jamie Stewart stopped 31 shots while Chris Dickson made 39 saves for the Flyers who will be in Langley again Friday night for Garne 2. Packers 5 Warriors 4 Kevin Taillefer scored with 14 seconds remaining in regulation time to give the Packers a 2-0 lead in their quarter-final series ¡against the Warriors. Brent Mowery, Kerry Russell, Jamie Kurki and Bruce Bianchini were the other scorers for Kelowna which led 1-0 after the first period and 3-2 after 40 minutes. Steve Manuel and Frank Biller led the Warriors with two goals apiece. Manuel had a chance to win the game in the final minute when Merritt was awarded a penalty shot when Kelowna was called for delay of game. Goalie Dusty Imoo, who finished the night with 36 saves, refused to be fooled by any of Manuel's fakes and smothered the penalty, shot. Merritt goalie Randy Beekhuizen blocked 57 shots. Third game in the series is Friday in Kelowna.
