# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-09-24 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-09-24
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/326185175/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 326185175

## Paragraphs

The action was taken 24 hours after a directors' meeting called by club president Chuck Walker to discuss the team's financial status. Club offials were not available for comment. General manager Joe Galat had forecast a $1 million operating loss for the 1987 season two weeks earlier after attendance at B.C. Place Stadium dropped by about 9,000 a game to an average of 37,000. A key CFL matchup between the Lions: and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers attracted just over 39,000 fans last Sunday; a similar game last season resulted in a sellout of more than 59,000. The board said in a statement the salary reductions affecting players, coaches and front office staff will save about $200,000 this year, with earlier cost-cutting measures accounting for another saving estimated at $750,000 on a budget estimated at $12 million. The salary trimming came 48 hours after the Lion players presented a written proposal to management asking for no reductions in salaries this year. The players were prepared to put added emphasis on the marketing of the team in an attempt to increase gate revenues. Flyers top Richmond RICHMOND, B.C. (CP) Only two goals were scored with the teams at even strength Wednesday night as the Delta Flyers defeated the Richmond Sockeyes 8-3 in a B.C. Junior League game. The Flyers scored four powerplay goals and added two while shorthanded. All Richmond goals came with the man advantage. Peter Holmes Doug McDonald paced the winners with two goals apiece. Scott Frizell, Jeff Nottingham, Brian Bathard and George Bodner completed the Delta attack. Sasha Pogor, Tony Bobbitt and Greg Hadden counted for Richmond which got a 38-save performance from goalie Glenn Pencer. Chris Dickson stopped 22 shots for Delta.
