# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-05-08 — p.12

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-05-08
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495160610/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 495160610

## Paragraphs

Sockeyes advance but coach not happy By ELLIOTT PAP "I'm still not very happy," said Kurtenbach 1:53 on a power-play goal by Dave Van Hoof but minder Grant Robb beat him to the punch, PhilSun Sports Reporter quietly. "We weren't taking the man out, we were Paul Rutherford countered four minutes later to lips calmly batted Robb's clearing attempt out of HUMBOLDT, Sask. - The showdown that scrambling at times, we weren't head-manning restore the Sockeyes' four-goal margin. mid-air and drilled the puck into the vacated has been so widely predicted will indeed come to the puck properly and we had men in front of the It was at this point things became dicey. The cage. pass: Richmond Sockeyes and Humboldt net on our power play when they should have 'Eyes, who had been fairly well-behaved all "It was over after that," conceded Pembroke Cup The Broncos Saturday are Sockeyes going night. to advanced meet to for the the biggest Centennial game been been on "However, looking the we point. forward made to it to being the there final for and a we've long goals game, Pembroke by ran George into rapped their Dupont home usual and two rash Chris more of Clarke power-play penalties. to trail much coach Tony Jim better Bobbitt, club Farelli. Bryan than "I we can't Moller are." and complain. Bill Hardy They're ad- a CAP in tier two junior hockey by waxing Pembroke time." 5-3 with 4:47 remaining. ministered the coup de grace and then thoughts Lumber Kings 9-3 in Thursday's semi-final. Richmond led 3-0 after two periods on goals Then just as panic was about to pitch its tent, turned to Saturday night and that one final conAlthough the score sounds impressive, the by Trevor Dickie, Steve Jaques and Matt Hervey Richmond winger Jason Phillips produced an frontation with Humboldt. 'Eyes were not particularly sharp last night, a and upped the margin to 4-0 as Brian Kozak exquisite goal to seal the win. "It's for all the marbles," added Dickie. "It's fact that didn't escape the ever -vigilant eyes of connected at 1:29 of the third. Phillips had been chasing down a loose puck what we've practised and played for all year •coach Orland Kurtenbach. The Kings broke Frank Romeo's shutout bid at in the Pembroke end and when Lumber King net- long." ORLAND KURTENBACH Red Wings learn hard way will Montreal keep you don't mess with Mark Hextall harassing
