# The Baltimore Sun — 1987-09-25 — p.45

**Publication:** The Baltimore Sun
**Date:** 1987-09-25
**Page:** 45
**Location:** Baltimore, Maryland
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/377811072/?match=1&terms=%22Jim%20Gunn%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 377811072

## Paragraphs

Baseball American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Assigned Alex Marte, outfielder, to Rochester of the International League. MINNESOTA TWINS--Traded Alex Marte, outfielder, to the Baltimore Orioles for Francisco Oliveras, pitcher. Assigned Oliveras to Portland of the Pacific Coast League. Football Canadian League CALGARY STAMPEDERS- -Placed Rick Johnson, quarterback, on injured reserve. HAMILTON TIGER-CATS-Added Andrew McConnell, tackle, to the practice roster. Released Ken Zachary, running back, from the practice roster. OTTAWA ROUGH RIDERS-Released Marv Allemang, center; Brad Taylor, quarterback, and Steve Harrison and Anthony Woodson, linebackers. Hockey National League HARTFORD WHALERS--Assigned Adam Burt, defenseman, to North Bay of the Ontario Hockey League. NEW YORK ISLANDERS- -Assigned Shawn Byram, left wing, and Richard PiIon and Paul Thompson, defensemen, to Prince Albert of the Western Hockey League; Kerry Clark, right wing, to Saskatoon of the WHL; Dean Ewen, left wing, to Spokane of the WHL; Rob DiMaio, center, to Medicine Hat of the WHL; Will Anderson, defensman, to Victoria of the WHL; Dean Sexsmith, center, to Seattle of the WHL; and Jeff Hackett, goaltender, to Oshawa of the Ontario Hockey League. Added Brian Ford, goaltender, to the training camp roster. NEW JERSEY DEVILS -Assigned Dan Delianedis and Peter Fry, goaltenders; John Blessman, Shane Doyle, Alan Hepple, Jamie Huscroft, Dave Marcinyshyn and Jay Octeau, defensemen; Rich Adolfi, David Anderson, Wally Chapman, Alain Charland, Pat Conacher, Dave Gans, Tim Lenardon, Jeff Madill, Jamie McKinley, Steve Tsujiura, Brian Verbeek, John Walker and Paul Ysebaert, forwards, to Utica of the American Hockey League. PITTSBURGH PENGUINS-ASsigned Mark Teevens, Jock Callander and Steve Gotaas, centers; Dave Michayluk, Mitch Wilson and Troy Vollhoffer, right wings; Warren Young, Brad Aitken, Mark Kachowski and Scott Johnson, left wings; Phil Bourque, Mike Rowe, Randy Taylor, Dave Goertz, Jim Paek and Pat Mayer, defensemen, and Jeff Cooper, goaltender, to Muskegon of the International Hockey League. TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS -Assigned Tim Bernhardt and Jim Ralph, goaltenders; Ted Fauss, Terry Johnson, Ken Spangler, Greg Hotham, Scott Clements, Cliff Abrecht, Dave Allison and Brian Blad, defensemen, and Wes Jarvis, Daryl Evans, Mark Kirton, Mike Blaisdell, Derek Laxdal, Tim Bean, Leigh Verstraite, Gerrard Waslen, Chris McRae, Tim Armstrong and Marty Bellman, forwards, to Newmarket of the American Hockey League. Tennis UNITED STATES TENNIS ASSOCIATION-Named Dr. Ronald B. Woods director of player development. College CLEMSON-Extended the contract of Bobby Robinson, athletic director, through 1991. SETON HALL--Named Tom Sullivan assistant basketball coach. SHENANDOAH-Named Todd Held baseball coach. WESTERN KENTUCKY- -Named Bobby Brown assistant men's basketball coach.

p.m. Baseball AL: N.Y. Yankees at Baltimore 8:00 WCBM-AM (680) WTOP. -noa' AM (1500) Hockey Exhibition: U.S. Olympic Team at Washington 8:00 WMAL-AM (630) Racing Pimlico Race of the Day 5:15 WFBR-AM (1300) WAMD-AM no (970) WHDG-FM (103.7) no

BETHESDA Jim Peelman of Lakewood Country Club carded a 77, the only man in the 90-player' field to break 80 over the Congressional Country Club's Gold Course, and took a three-stroke lead after the first round of the annual Seniors championship of the Middle Atlantic Golf Association. Peelman, 62, will be one of the top 10 players returning to Congressional this morning to complete the tournament's 36-hole format over the club's more familiar Blue Course. The opening round also served to among those Bonnell of the determine age group champions and Elkridge Club, 43-38-81, in the 55- 59 class. Top 10: Jim Peelman, Lakewood, 38-39-77; Guido Cavallo, Chantilly National, 41-39-80; Bob Bonnell, Elkridge, 43-38-81; Jim Gunn, Army Navy, 43-38 -81; Jim Johnson, Fountain Head, 42-39-81; Bob Ohle, Richmond, 39-42-81; Edward Johnston, Baltimore CC, 42-40-82; Bob Flath, Army Navy 43-39-82; Arman Fletcher, Roanoke, Va., 44-38-83; George Kohut, Montgomery Village, 45-38-93. 55-59: Bob Bonnell, Elkridge; Arman Fletcher, Roanoke, Va. 60-64: Jim Lakewood: Bill Dornbusch, CC Maryland, 41-41-82. 65-69: Guido Cavallo, Chantilly National; Jim Gunn, Army Navy: Jim Johnson, Fountain Head; Bob Ohle, Richmond. 70- 74: Emil Kontak, Army Navy, 43-43-86; Ed Loveless, Washington Golf, 48-42-90. 75-over: Bill Wohlfarth,

CALENDAR Major-league baseball ORIOLES vs. New York Yankees, Memorial Stadium, 8:05 p.m. Exhibition hockey WASHINGTON CAPITALS vs. United States Olympic team, Capital Centre, Landover, 8:05 p.m. Horse racing PIMLICO Race Course, first race, 1 p.m. DELAWARE PARK Stanton, Del., first race, 1:30 p.m. CHARLES TOWN (W.Va.) Turf Club, first race, 7:15 p.m. PENN NATIONAL Race Course, Grantville, Pa., first race, 7:30 p.m. Harness racing FREESTATE Raceway, Laurel, first race, 7:30 p.m. Golf MIDDLE ATLANTIC PGA Pro-Lady Tournament, Eagle's Nest Country Club, Towson, 8 a.m. MIDDLE ATLANTIC GOLF ASSOCIATION Seniors Championship Tournament, Congressional Country Club, Towson, 8:30 a.m.
