# Red Deer Advocate — 1987-04-08 — p.21

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1987-04-08
**Page:** 21
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558334501?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558334501

## Paragraphs

By GREG MEACHEM of The Advocate RICHMOND, B.C. Richmond Sockeyes are named after one of British Columbia's most famous natural resources - the Sockeye salmon, a spirited, but hardly voracious breed of fish. In Tuesday's opening game of the Western Canada Centennial Cup semifinal at the Richmond Arena, they looked more like sharks. Or barracudas. Or piranhas. Or all three. Sockeyes were hungry, it was feeding time, and the Red Deer Rustlers just happened to be on the menu. Rustlers meekly allowed themselves to be devoured 11-4. The second game of the bestof-seven series will be played here tonight at 8:30 p.m. MDT, with the remainder to be played in Red Deer. The ridiculously easy win, witnessed by about 1,250 fans, was the Sockeys' 16th without a loss in post-season play. And, at no time Tuesday were they in serious trouble of marring their impressive record. "I was very pleased with the effort of our team tonight," said Richmond general managercoach Orland Kurtenbach. "Hard work is our key to success, and we haven't been outworked too often in the playoffs." Certainly, they weren't outhustled by the Rustlers, who never fully recovered from starry Sockeye forward Dave Tomlinson's opening goal just 21 seconds into the contest. "Our defence was awful, I've never see Furgie (goaltender Glen Furgason) look so bad, and less than half of our forwards came to play," snapped Rustler coach Larry Billows. "Richmond worked hard, beat us to the puck, and generally just played the game the way it's supposed to be played. Meanwhile, we didn't have any intensity or desire at all." Richmond, faster, bigger and more talented than any team the Rustlers have faced this season, fired 60 shots at Furgason, who couldn't be blamed for the vast majority of the goals. Red Deer, in comparison, directed 34 at Sockeyes netminder Frank Romeo, who wasn't required to make more than a half dozen quality saves. Just over a minute after Tomlinson opened the scoring. standout defenceman Matt Hervey doubled the count with a blast from the point. But the Rustlers, on the strength of power play goals from Kevan Melrose and Greg Pulliam, were able to get out of the period with a 4-2 deficit. And, the narrowed the gap to one on Rich Anderson's play marker at 26 seconds of the middle frame. But Richmond rebounded with two unanswered goals be-

* 1 PRODUCTS RED DEER RUSTLER RANDY CAVE FINDS GOING TOUGH NEAR RICHMOND GOAL Sockeyes' Stan Czenczek (7) helps goaltender Frank Romeo contain the Red Deer forward Photo by The CANADIAN PRESS
