# Anchorage Daily News — 1987-08-06 — p.14

**Publication:** Anchorage Daily News
**Date:** 1987-08-06
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Anchorage, Alaska
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1056966332/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1056966332

## Paragraphs

Speak to the 26-year-old and loyalty is one of the first words out his mouth. He says he has always been loyal to the UAA program and history backs him up. He was a volunteer assistant coach at UAA during the 1985-86 season, when he was earning his masters degree in business administration. He knows the players and believes he has already earned their respect. He is close to the players, but he doesn't think he's so close that they will try to take advantage of him. The big question is whether

FISHING P BUSH PILOTS air service inc. SPECIALS Son Tar S Paper for our Hunting Specials BEAUTIFUL JUDD LAKE FAMOUS TALACHULITNA RIVER Includes round-trip air fare, full lodge accommodations Includes round-trip air fare, river boat transfers to lodge, including sauna & all meals. full meals. lodge accommodations including sauna, and all 2 days/1 night Rainbows, 2 days/1 night Trophy "Tal" 119 From Oct. 15 Sept. 1 Grayling, $149 Rainbow, to Dolly Varden From Sept. 1 Grayling, to Oct. 15 Dolly Varden 2 days/1 night Peak Sockeye 2 days/2 nights "Tal" 149 'To From Aug. Aug. 31 Salmon Rainbow, run, Grayling, $199 From Sept. 1 Rainbow, Trophy Grayling Varden To Oct. 15 Dolly Varden Dolly Silver, Chum, 2 days/2 nights Peak Sockeye 2 days/1 night Pink Salmon to $199 to From Aug. Aug. 31 1 Salmon run, 199 From Aug. Sept. "Tal" 7. Rainbow, Trophy Rainbow, Grayling, to Aug. 31 Dolly Varden Grayling, Dolly Varden available at extra cost. Extra nights $49 per person. Children under 12 are half price on above Guides packages. PLUS Creek, Fares (space available) includes round-trip air fare to Deshka, Alexander $99 Seat Lake Creek, Hewitt Lake and many more. Flights usually depart 9am and 3pm. CALL 248-0149 ANYTIME VISA Master Cord

beat the Anchorage Bucs 14-2 before a crowd of 2,000. "He's a lot more consistent now," said Kemnitz. "He's smarter, and he's less intimidated by the league. His first year he was just happy to be here, but now it's like, 'Hey, give me the ball, I want to be in the game.' "Last year he had a bad summer. I thought he was ready for a spot in the rotation, but he was ready to go mentally. This year he came up ready to pitch sometimes when you experience some adversity it makes you a little better." If it didn't make Yeager better, it at least made him wiser. "Last year I came up here knowing I had a starting role, but I didn't have my priorities straight," said Yeager. "I heard about it all year. When I came home at Christmas (Pilot assistant coach) Jack O'Toole told me how disappointed
