# The Leader-Post — 1987-04-14 — p.13

**Publication:** The Leader-Post
**Date:** 1987-04-14
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/496494612/?match=1&terms=%22Humboldt%20Broncos%22
**Image ID:** 496494612

## Paragraphs

McDougall leads Broncos to sweep HUMBOLDT (CP) - Bill Jeff Smith had d the lone goal for McDougall had a five-point night the Manitoba Junior Hockey with three goals and two assists League Steelers. as the Humboldt Broncos blasted Selkirk netminder Duane Dirkthe Selkirk Steelers 9-1 Monday sen had a busy night, handling 49 to win a Centennial Cup western shots, while Humboldt goalie semi-final series in four games Trevor Lloyd was tested only 24 straight. times. Rod Kavanaugh, with two, Brad Bergen, Morgan Watts, Humboldt took nine of the Dave Shyiak and Cory Belitski game's 14 minor penalties and also scored for the Saskatchewan Selkirk had the only major. Amateur Junior Hockey League Humboldt will face the winner Broncos, who led 2-0 and 6-1 at of the Red Deer-Richmond series period breaks. in the western final. Unruly fans may force cancellation of series RED DEER (CP) - The jun- the man was arrested for breachior hockey league series between ing the peace. He was released the Red Deer Rustlers and the without being charged but WilRichmond Sockeyes could be liams said charges may still be cancelled if fans don't behave, laid. the Canadian Amateur Hockey There were four fights on the Association says. ice and a fracas behind the SocThe association said in a state- keyes' players bench that police ment Monday that unruly behav- say was started by a group of disior of fans in both cities could re- orderly fans who threw eggs and sult in the series being cancelled other debris at the Richmond or moved to another city. players. One man was arrested during Last week in Richmond, two Sunday's game here, won 7-1 by Red Deer players were suspendthe Rustlers. The best-of-seven ed for I becoming involved in a series between the Alberta and post-game altercation with fans British Columbia junior champi- and the Sockeyes were fined $500 ons is tied 2-2. by the association for failing to Sunday's game was delayed 30 provide proper security. minutes as fights broke out on At Sunday's game, three police and off the ice. officers and about a dozen securRCMP Sgt. Bob Williams said ity officers were on hand.
