# The Abbotsford News — 1987-10-21 — p.15

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1987-10-21
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536566598/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536566598

## Paragraphs

Abbotsford, Sumas & Matsqui News - Wednesday, October 21, 1987 B3 MORE ABOUT Falcons on lookout (continued from page 1) ning) direction, and I have to go out wasn't as sharp as he was in and get these players." his first game, the Falcons' 5-2 loss The Falcons at least will get a bit of one week earlier to the Division- a break from the schedule-maker in leading Delta Flyers. the next two weeks, as they will play D'Amours didn't receive much sup- five of their next seven at home. port from his teammates after com- The run began last night with the ing into the game, as during the final Falcons hosting Delta. Of the 33 minutes of the contest, Juan de Falcons' first 11 games, four have Fuca outscored Abbotsford 10-2. The been against the undefeated Flyers, Falcons outshot the Whalers 54-39. who are obviously the class of the Not surprisingly, McCaskill is league at this juncture of the season. beginning to feel the heat. Not only is Delta enjoyed a sweep of he in his first year with the Falcons, Interior Division clubs this past but he has also been witness to a weekend, winning all three on the steady stream of veterans filing out road in the Okanagan. of the Falcons' camp. The latest to re- Kelowna Packers, who had only quest a transfer to another team the five losses in league play last season league is defenceman Mike Penner. before losing in straight games to the McCaskill said he will honor Penner's eventual Centennial Cup-winning request for a trade, and emphasized Richmond Sockeyes in the BCJHL the fact that he is actively working on final, already have four losses in 11 other deals within the BCJHL in an games this season, and visit MSA effort to turn things around. Arena Saturday night. McCaskill obviously was not a hap- Another Interior Division team, py man prior to Monday's practice in Merritt Centennials, arrive in Ab• MSA Arena. He stayed off the ice and botsford Tuesday, Oct. 27 to take on on the telephone. the Falcons, who then hit the road for "I don't mind losing some games, a game the following night in Richbecause we've got a young hockey mond. Follwing that, the Falcons club, but I don't want to lose 12-4," play a series Oct. 30 said McCaskill. "I don't want to see and 31 with the Chilliwack Eagles my boys embarrassed. I need some (Friday in Chilliwack, Saturday in defensive help and that's what I'm MSA Arena), trying to do now," he said pointing at Each Interior Division team will his phone. visit Abbotsford only once this "We've got to make some changes. season. We are three players away from Standings, statistics, summary, in
