# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-03-09 — p.16

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-03-09
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495082565/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 495082565

## Paragraphs

men's fastball team for several years. He played first base for Canada in the world fastball championships in Sioux City, Iowa, last year and had scheduled his annual vacation from his employer, Continental Insurance Co. of Canada, for August so he could compete in the Pan-American Games in Indianapolis. As well as playing in the Vancouver Amateur Hockey Association league with the Meralomas, Dickey played for VanCity in the Pacific Northwest Fastball League. Drayton said the Dickeys, married last May, were to move into their first house April 1. Dickey also leaves his mother-inlaw, Joan Drayton, parents, Peg John Dickey, of Nova Scotia, and four brothers. The funeral is set for 2 p.m. Tuesday in Ryerson United Church.

Bruins get blown out Spokane Chiefs scored three second-period goals in two minutes and 14 seconds to down New Westminster Bruins 7-1 in Western Hockey League action at Queens Park Arena Sunday night. Cal Zankowski scored the lone goal for the Bruins, who lost for the 18th time in their last 19 games. The Bruins were also losers on Saturday, falling 9-4 to the Winter Hawks in Portland. Mario Desjardins, Scott Daniels, Zankowski and Darren Schwartz tallied for the Bruins, who were outshot 44-33 by Portland. In Kamloops, WHL scoring leader Rob Brown picked up a goal and five assists to lead the Blazers to a 10-2 victory over Victoria Cougars. Brown broke Bruce Eakin's single-season assist record of 125 in the contest. Delta ousts Langley Delta Flyers knocked Langley Eagles out of the B.C. Junior Hockey League playoffs Sunday, winning the deciding game in their -seven Coastal Division semi-final series 5-3. Peter Holmes scored three goals, including the winner, as the Flyers advance to the division final against Orland Kurtenbach's Richmond Sockeyes. In Interior Division final action, Vernon Lakers took a 2-1 lead in their best-of-seven series against Kelowna with a 5-2 victory over the Packers.
