# Times Colonist — 1987-02-13 — p.12

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1987-02-13
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508000323/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 508000323

## Paragraphs

Matthews gets multi-year pact The Canadian Press VANCOUVER - The British Columbia Lions have signed head coach Don Matthews to a new multi-year contract with the Canadian Football League team, club president Chuck Walter announced Thursday. Walker refused to disclose details of the contract. Matthews has compiled 48 wins, 17 losses and one tie in four years with B.C., leading the club to four Western Conference finals, two Grey Cup finals and one national championship. UVic volleyballers defeated by UBC The UBC Thunderbirds defeated the University of Victoria Vikings 15-7, 15-10, 15-13 in Canada West University Athletic Association men's volleyball league play Thursday at McKinnon Gym. UVic is 3-11 and out of the playoffs. UBC is third at 9-5. Mike McCulloch and Bruce Schmor had 16 spike kills each for UVic. Calgary coach fined CALGARY- Coach John Chapman of the Calgary Wranglers has been fined $200 after r receiving a game misconduct for throwing sticks on the ice during a game Tuesday against the Medicine Hat Tigers, the Western Hockey League announced.

By Stew Lang Times-Colonist staff With three games remaining in the B.C. Junior Hockey League season, president -coach Dale Sproule of the Juan de Fuca Whalers is already setting his sights on next year. The Whalers have missed making the playoffs in the Coastal Division; but the whole, Sproule is satisfied with the way things have turned out. "We knew going into the season you don't win with young teams in this league," Spoule said. The Richmond Sockeyes, who hold down first place on the Coast, have about 11 players who are on their roster and the second place Langley Eagles have eight 20-yearolds in their lineup. Juan de Fuca has only one, Kevin Nohr, who is also the only player the team will lose though graduation heading into next season. So far this season, Juan de Fuca has

Tonight, millions of Canadians will park themselves in front of their television sets for the second game of the National Hockey League-Soviet Union Rendez-Vouz 87 showdown. This series, to most Canadian youngsters, represents the great athletic dream - to play for your country's pride, in your national game, in front of an adoring public. To 30 young rugby players visiting Canada from New Zealand, RendezVous 87 doesn't mean much. So what is every Kiwi kid's dream? "To play for the All Blacks (New Zealand's national rugby team)," replied five players from the Carlton Rugby Club of Auckland, in unison
