# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-02-25 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-02-25
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/324472605?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 324472605

## Paragraphs

### Region 127,527 → 734,1802

Clippers 4, Sockeyes 7 By MICHAEL RHODE For The Daily Free Press RICHMOND For 60 minutes Tuesday night, Nanaimo Clippers played Richmond Sockeyes dead even. The Clippers skated, hit and hustled stride for stride with the Sockeyes before dropping a 7-4 overtime decision in the opening game of the Coastal Division bestof-seven semi-final playoff series. Game two in the B.C. Junior Hockey League series goes tonight in Richmond. To say the Clippers played their best road game of the year in Richmond would be an understatement. Nanaimo controlled the play on several occasions, but had trouble beating Richmond goalie Frank Romeo. "This is the best we've played on the road since beginngame, ing of the year," said Clipper assistant coach Mickey Willgress. "I don't think anybody had a weak game.' Brian Kozak's second goal of the game at 3:28 of the 10-minute overtime session proved to be the win-

### Region 163,2125 → 734,2646

/ have to disagree with my colleague Al Cameron, who last week predicted Nanaimo Clippers would win just one game in their best-of-seven playoff series with the powerful Richmond Sockeyes. Before Tuesday night's overtime Clipper loss Tuesday night in Richmond, I told Cameron the Clippers would win both this weekend's home games before falling in six games.
