# The Columbian — 1987-02-22 — p.27

**Publication:** The Columbian
**Date:** 1987-02-22
**Page:** 27
**Location:** Vancouver, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/819456619/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 819456619

## Paragraphs

PRO HOCKEY SPOTLIGHT SOUVENIRS: When Wayne Gretaky'e parents bought their modest, ranch-style house 25 years ago in Brantford, Ontario, they had no idea what an attraction it would become. Certainly, they never thought people would go through their trash cans looking for souvenirs, but that's what's happening. Gretzky says the curious visitors apparently y hope to find stray skate or something. The Gretzkys now have a security system installed throughout the house. ARCH RIVAL: Hartford defenseman UM on the Whalers' rivalry with the Boston Bruins: "There's a lot of fans here who've either rooted for Boston or the Rangers in the past. Now we're pulling in a lot of those fans." SELL OUT: The Pittsburgh Penguins have sold out (16,033) 14 of their first 20 home games this season and have an average attendance increase of 4,311 per game. Detroit is up roughly 2,000 fans a game, with St. Louis and Hartford also show jumps in excess of 1,500. New Jersey Devils attendance, meanwhile, is down by nearly 1,500 per game, with eight crowds under 8,000, including the record-low 334 who showed up at the Meadowlands during a Jan. 22 snowstorm. The weather was so bad that night many players parked their cars on the nearby New Jersey Turnpike because they couldn't get in the parking lot.

DAVE EY/The seasons are planned. Oregon Fish and Wildlife Commission. Each has a vote. If they do not agree, fishing seasons revert to the previous year's regulations. The Compact met in January to set spring chinook, shad and sturgeon seasons, and will meet in June for sockeye seasons, and in August and September for fall chinook and coho seasons. Public testimony is accepted at Compact sessions. Quotas are not used in Columbia River to divvy the salmon between sportsmen and commercial fishermen. In a nutshell, the biologists have a predicted salmon return to the river. They know how many fish are needed by the hatcheries and can use previous years' data to estimate the sports catch. Commercial seasons are then set to "mop up" much of the balance available. Each state sets its own salmon sport-fishing regulations for the tributaries. In Washington, proposed changes are made available by the Department of Fisheries in February. A public hearing is scheduled Feb. 28 in Olympia and the changes are adopted in midMarch, effective beginning April 1.
