# Star-Phoenix — 1987-05-07 — p.17

**Publication:** Star-Phoenix
**Date:** 1987-05-07
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/512096770?terms=%22Centennial+Cup%22
**Image ID:** 512096770

## Paragraphs

HUMBOLDT What was expected to be the closest, tightestchecking, most-exciting game of the Centennial Cup round robin ed, as Humboldt Broncos turned into one of the most-lopsid- 0 hammered Richmond Sockeyes 6- 1 to advance to the Centennial Cup final. It was the first time in eight games between the two Western finalists that either team has registered what could be labelled a blowout. Not only did the Broncos outscore Richmond, they dominated the Sockeyes in every aspect of the game. Richmond, which finished the round robin at 2-1, will meet Pembroke, 1-2, in the semi-final tonight at 8:30 at the Uniplex. The winner will play the Broncos, 3-0, in the Centennial Cup championship game Saturday at 7:30 p.m. "We got outworked, outplayed, out-everythinged," said RichKurtenbach. "It's not as if we weren't trying. The 'oomph' just wasn't there.' If their was any 'oomph' in the Sockeyes at the start of the game, the Broncos were determined to knock it out of them. Right from the opening faceoff, Humboldt came out hitting, levelling several Sockeyes with solid bodychecks in the opening minutes. "A hit is almost like a goal sometimes,' said Bronco defenceman Al Novakowski, who has scored more of the former than the latter. "A big hit can really settle the other team down. That's what happened tonight." Richmond stayed close to the Broncos in the first period, when the teams traded power-play goals. Bill McDougall pounced on a rebound to open the scoring for the Broncos at 6:17, but Stan Czenczek tied the game with a hard slapshot that beat netminder Bruce Hoffort at 17:26. After that, however, it was all Humboldt. Garnet Kazuik started the ball rolling with a shorthanded goal at 13:20 of the second period, stealing the puck from Steve Jaques at the Richmond blueline to have a clear breakaway on Jamie Stewart. "A thousand things go through

At a glance HOCKEY NHL Playoffs Montreal 5 Philadelphia 2 Centennial Cup Round Robin Humboldt 6 Richmond WHL Playoffs Medicine Hat 7 Portland 2 BASEBALL American League Detroit 7 Seattle 5 California 3 Milwaukee 0 Boston 6 Oakland 2 New York 4 Chicago 1 Baltimore 6 Minnesota 0 Kansas City 6 Toronto 3 Texas 7 Cleveland 2 National League Montreal 6 Atlanta 2 Houston 3 Philadelphia 2 New York 3 Cincinnati 2 St. Louis 3 San Diego 0 Los Angeles 2 Pittsburgh 1 Chicago 9 San Francisco 4
