# Standard-Freeholder — 1987-05-05 — p.15

**Publication:** Standard-Freeholder
**Date:** 1987-05-05
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Cornwall, Cornwall, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1062328489?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 1062328489

## Paragraphs

### Region 173,4767 → 785,6730

MONTREAL (CP) - The 1987 Capitcher, Grand Prix race in Montreal is dead, the victim of a bitter brewery battle. Roger Dore of Labatt Breweries Ltd.® announced Monday that atAtlanta to hold the race, set for June 14, have failed. Labatt, sponsor of the event for the last nine years, fought Molson Breweries Ltd., which wanted to run the race, in the courts, accusing its riGiants of unethical behavior. The uncertainty prompted the Federation international du sport automobile to remove the race from the Formula One calendar last month. But Labatt insisted it could overcome the problems which it claimed were due to foul play on the part of Molson, promoter Jack Long, the City of Montreal and the Formula One Constructors Association, which controls the drivers and their sponsors. Admitting defeat for this year, Dore told reporters Labatt "will continue working to have the Grand Prix Labatt reinstated "for next year for years after that.' Sockeyes sock it to Kings HUMBOLDT, Sask. (CP) The Richmond Sockeyes scored four goals in the third period to beat Pembroke Lumber Kings 4-1 Monday night in the Centennial Cup Junior A hockey championship tournament. The win gave the British Columbia champions a 2-0 record in the roundrobin portion of the tournament, and a share of first place with the Saskatchewan champions, Humboldt Broncos. It was the second straight loss for the Lumber Kings, Ontario's representatives in the four-team tournament.
