# The Vancouver Sun — 1987-03-19 — p.38

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1987-03-19
**Page:** 38
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495099771/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 495099771

## Paragraphs

By ELLIOTT PAP Richmond Sockeyes are showing the kind of consistency any coach would love - when they play overtime, they win. The Sockeyes are four-for-four in extra time during the B.C. Junior Hockey League playoffs and, not surprisingly, they're undefeated as well. After sweeping both Nanaimo and Delta in four straight, Orland Kurtenbach's troops have vaulted to a 2-0 lead over Kelowna Packers in the best-of-nine final, taking game two 5-4 on defenceman Matt Hervey's goal at 3:37 of the first overtime period Wednesday night. The series now shifts to Kelowna for games three and four Friday and Saturday. Game five is back at Richmond Arena on Tuesday. Last night's thriller was in sharp contrast to the series' opener, which saw Richmond waltz to a 7-0 win. It was 2-2 after one period and 4-3 Richmond after two. "They came out flying and took the body, I think we were a little surprised at that," said Hervey. "It was really anybody's game.'

Hervey, a native of Los Angeles, is one of nine 20-year-olds being used by the Sockeyes. He began the season as a free-agent tryout with the NHL Kings, went to Flint of the International League and was gassed when later demotions left him without a spot. He also s saw duty with Seattle of the major junior Western League. "I could have gone to the Atlantic Coast League - but I had heard a lot of good things about the Sockeyes and that Orland Kurtenbach was a good coach, so I decided to play my last year of junior," said Hervey, who had already spent three years in the WHL with both Victoria and Lethbridge. Hervey's heroics last night came when he pounced on a Dean Rutledge rebound after Rutledge and Paul Rutherford broke in two-onone on Kelowna netminder Dusty Imoo. Other goal scorers for Richmond were Rutledge, Rutherford, Bill Hardy and Dave Tomlinson while Jamie Kurki, Pat Mangold, Kelly Hurd and Mike Murinko replied for the Packers.
