# The Province — 1987-02-16 — p.43

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-02-16
**Page:** 43
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502001458/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 502001458

## Paragraphs

Pat Beauchesne's power-play goal midway through the third period lifted Moose Jaw to the win. Dave Thomlinson and Theoren Fleury also scored for the Warriors. Tracey Katelnikoff scored both goals for Saskatoon. ICE CHIPS The Delta Flyers scored five unanswered third-period goals Saturday to defeat the Summerland Buckaroos 8-3 in a B.C. Junior Hockey League game. The victory allowed Delta to finish its three-game Interior Division road swing with a 1-2 record. In other games, the Richmond Sockeyes downed the Abbotsford Falcons 9-2 and the Juan de Fuca

Canadian Press Elk Valley Blazers won a pair of games on the weekend to open up an eight-point lead atop the Western International Hockey League standings. Scott Jackson fired three goals Saturday as the Blazers beat the second-place Nelson Maple Leafs in a wild game in Fernie. On Friday, Todd Jackson had three goals as Elk Valley beat the Cranbrook Royals 5-3 in Cran-

Canadian Press Success is putting wild ideas in the heads of the Spokane Chiefs. The Chiefs beat the Seattle Thunderbirds 7-2 in the Western Hockey League Saturday for a franchise-record fifth consecutive win. Now they have their sights set on loftier marks. •We're awesome right now," said defenceman Mike Berger, who fired a pair of goals. **We're going for 10 wins in a row." In other action Saturday, the Kamloops Blazers beat the Victoria Cougars 7-4, the Portland Winter Hawks edged the New Westminster Bruins 6-5, the Medicine Hat Tigers downed the Calgary Wranglers 8-2 and the Moose Jaw Warriors beat the Saskatoon Blades 3-2. Spokane coach Peter Esdale said his club, which is in third place in the West Division, eight points back of second-place Portland Winter Hawks, is playing "with great confidence right now. "The guys are pumped, we're chasing second place. (Goaltender) John Colvin was superb in
