# The Province — 1987-03-25 — p.20

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1987-03-25
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502054045/?match=1&terms=Sockeyes%20hockey
**Image ID:** 502054045

## Paragraphs

In Staff photo by Greg Osadchuk Sockeyes' Steve Jaques outraces Packer player for puck. watching last night but wasn't great hockey for us," agreed around for the final 20 minutes. Richmond coach Orland Kurten"I couldn't watch the third bach. period," said Hervey, who paced It gloomier on the other was in the parking lot. side of the arena. But Hervey did hear and under"We were all expecting a stand the cheer that went up at longer series," admitted Kelowna 9:33 of the third period. co-coach Ed Ruff. "We had 19 It was at that point that Jason guys out there giving it their Philips flipped a rebound past best," said Ruff. Kelowna goaltender Dusty Imoo for the winning goal. But last night the Packers' best Philips gave a lot of the credit wasn't enough. for the win to goaltender Frank Kelowna's Greg Andrusao Romeo, who was fighting off a opened scoring but Bill Hardy case of sinusitis. replied for Richmond. Dean Rut*As long as he (Romeo) keeps ledge got the only goal of the standing on his head, I think we second period for Richmond on a can go all the way," said Phi- shorthanded effort, but Pat Manlips. gold tied the game at 1:37 of the "Frank has just played some final period on a power-play.

By FRANK LUBA Sports Reporter They weren't expecting Richmond Sockeyes to sweep the Kelowna Packers but, after all, what do they know? The defending Coastal Division champion Sockeyes surprised the experts and coach Orland Kurtenbach, and delighted more than 1,100 fans at Richmond Arena last night by edging the Interior Division title- Packers 3-2. That allowed Richmond to win the best-of-nine B.C. Junior Hockey League championship series in five games, and stretch their playoff winning streak to 13.

Packers 2 Sockeyes 3

the Sockeyes will resume practises for the best-of-three provincial final Mouat Cup against the winner of the Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League. Quesnel leads Grande Prairie 2-0 in the best-of-seven PCJHL championship, with the third game set for tomorrow in Quesnel. The Mouat Cup will be in Richmond, but not until April 3-5, giving the Sockeyes the same type of long break they enjoyed after sweeping earlier playoff series against Nanaimo and Delta. The break will also allow veteran defenceman Matt Hervey to rehabilitate the shoulder separation he picked up Friday in Kelowna. Hervey was on the sidelines
