# Nanaimo Daily News — 1987-11-10 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1987-11-10
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325789553?terms=%22Richmond+Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325789553

## Paragraphs

### Region 1559,3312 → 2123,5540

Notes, quotes and leftovers from the wonderful world of sports... ...Nanaimo Midget Clippers' coach Bill Bestwick can't say enough about the support his team gave his six-year-old daughter Brooke following open heart surgery last week. "The kids gave her a big stuffed St. Bernard and as soon she found out it was from the team, she called it Clipper," said Bill. "She's doing fine. She just has to easy for a while. Bill and wife Bonnie have known for six months Brooke required the surgery, but it came down to a case of waiting for the hospital called. "It's a nice relief that it's over," said Bill. "She was pretty strong through it all. She's actually quite proud of herself. She says, 'You wanna see my zipper'. Brooke will of course get additional support from, her brother Brett. .. Richmond Sockeyes' rugged captain Clarke looked like a madman when he dropped his gloves and challenged Clipper smurf Jack Piechutta in Friday's BCJHL game. What brought that act on Rob? "He konked me on the head," smiled Clarke. "I just got riled up.' . Clippers' Craig Frankford needs just 35 minutes to tie former Kelowna Buckaroo defenceman Bill Audycki as the all-time BCJHL penalty leader. Audycki compiled 1,126 minutes with Kelowna. I was sports editor of the Kelowna Daily Courier when Audycki wore no. 5 for Don Culley's Bucks during the 1977-78 season. I called then Kelowna General Manager Wayne North yesterday and the last he'd heard, Audycki was playing

### Region 1538,6762 → 2142,7381

This season the Clippers are an improved team, and are battling for second place with Richmond Sockeyes. The Clippers have a 10- 6-1 record, two points behind the Sockeyes, who have an 11-8-1 record. But just behind the Clippers are those Whalers, who now have a 7-7-1 mark after an impressive win at home over Richmond Saturday, a game marred by a bench-clearing brawl with a minute left. That puts the Whalers six points behind the Clippers with a pair of
