# North Bay Nugget — 1987-05-01 — p.20

**Publication:** North Bay Nugget
**Date:** 1987-05-01
**Page:** 20
**Location:** North Bay, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/731986718?terms=%22Centennial+Cup%22
**Image ID:** 731986718

## Paragraphs

DARTMOUTH, N.S. (CP) - It's been a good year for Richard Weanus, president of the Dartmouth Fuel Kids. His junior A hockey team has made it into the national Centennial Cup championships, scheduled to start Saturday in Humboldt, Sask. And the Fuel Kids are only $10,000 to $15,000 in debt. "There's a lot of relief now," he said in an interview this week. "Last year, this time we were $30,000 in the red." Most people have no idea, Weanus said, of how much it costs to operate a junior A team in Canada. The Fuel Kids, who defeated Charlottetown Abbies last week to advance to the national championship, have operated in the past on annual budgets of $50,000 to $55,000. "Most of that money went to transportation, ice costs and equipment," Weanus said. "Those are the three big expenses." This year, the team's budget soared to $80,000. "Part of that increase was due to a jump in ice costs, travel costs and refereeing," Weanus said. "But it was also due to a recruitcost something we didn't have before this Christmas.' The team took its first step into recruiting when it went after John Spencer, a high-school student who played AAA midget hockey for the Valley Wildcats in Greenwood, N.S. The Fuel Kids offered Spencer $1,000 towards room and board. The straight A student is being considered for a scholarship to Princeton University in New Jer-

After that, four more players were given money for room and board. The team also found fulltime employment for Scott MacTaVishe and Chris Conrad and partjobs for seven other players. "We decided we needed a recruiting package to become competitive. We try to rely on the quality of the (Dartmouth) Sportsplex and the very good coaching staff. But sometimes, something more is needed." It costs the Fuel Kids about $2,000 a year to keep each player in equipment. The Fuel Kids' executive is hoping money from a summer hockey camp will pay off their outstanding debts. They're also hoping for some profit from the Centennial Cup. Four teams are competing for the Cup - the Fuel Kids, the Humboldt Broncos, the Pembroke, Ont., Lumber Kings and the Richmond, B.C., Sockeyes. Weanus the teams will be allowed to split any money left after series expenses are paid. The Fuel Kids could be entering the series without their star centre, Jerry Scott. He was handed a match penalty last week during
