# The Leader-Post — 1988-01-22 — p.30

**Publication:** The Leader-Post
**Date:** 1988-01-22
**Page:** 30
**Location:** Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/496987520/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 496987520

## Paragraphs

vard joined them Defenceman Garth Lamb is also in the BCJHL, with the Richmond Sockeyes Did the Nipawin Hawks of the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League; really offer Moose Jaw centreTheoren Fleury $20,000 to finish the" season with them? Where will the New Westminster franchise end up next season? Will it be New Westminster or will it be the Tri-Cities area of Washington, state? Here's Bruins' owner Ron Dixon in conversation with Elliott Pap of the Vancouver Sun: "We've got full commitment and half pay-. ment for 2,512 season tickets down* there (Tri-Cities) and we haven't finished yet. In fact, from our original 3,600 deposits, only 52 people. have turned us down. That's a hell* of a commitment from a town that doesn't have a team and doesn't have a building." Dixon, who says, he hasn't decided to move the Bruins, is building a 6,000-seat arena in the Tri-Cities area. The WHL's trading deadline is. Jan. 29 Saskatoon has been* negotiating with Seattle. The object of Saskatoon's affection is defenceman Chris Joseph, who remains. with the National Hockey League's* Edmonton Oilers. The Blades want a defenceman in the worst way, preferably one with some offensive. skills, because they really miss® Mike Bukta, who is out with a knee injury. In fact, 'tis said that if the Blades are unable to get Joseph, they'll pursue Jayson More of New. Westminster or Lyle Odelein of Moose Jaw. Goaltender Grant McPhail left. Lethbridge and joined the Universi-: ty of Calgary Dinosaurs. The Hurricanes retained his WHL playing. rights . Wonder if Gerry James, had anything to do with this gem, at-" tributed to American cyclist Greg: LeMond, that is posted inside the Estevan Bruins dressing room:. "Every time I talk to 'em, they; write something bad. So I'd rather have them write something bad and not waste my time." Doug Sauter, general manager and head, coach of the Regina Pats, and Medi-: cine Hat coach Barry Melrose got. into a real war of words over the Cregg Nicol-Neil Wilkinson incident. Sauter may have managed the last word when he told Grant Granger of The Medicine Hat News: "If I had Barry Melrose's talent (on my team), I wouldn't be in fifth place." . Defenceman Steve Chelios, who has played in the WHL with Victoria, New Westminster and Spokane and attended training camp with Lethbridge, now is with the Ontario Hockey League's Ottawa 67's. Yes, he's Chris's brother. Quote-of-the-Week: "It's going to take more than Scott Turnbull.' Saskatoon GM Daryl Lubiniecki on what it will take to pry Joseph's' rights away from Seattle.
