# The News Tribune — 1988-07-25 — p.26

**Publication:** The News Tribune
**Date:** 1988-07-25
**Page:** 26
**Location:** Tacoma, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/737096930/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22trainer%22
**Image ID:** 737096930

## Paragraphs

The morning sun still was well below the horizon, when we dropped our lines Washington. Two n minutes later, the first fish was on. Theresa Nelson leaped to the stern of the boat, grabbed her rod from its holder and started cranking the reel. Her husband, Ken, picked up his long-handled net. In another couple of minutes, a bright, 8-pound sockeye salmon was thrashing in the boat. It was the start of another day in the phenomenal Lake Washington sockeye fishery; a good - and fairly typical - start. In six hours, using two rods, we would put seven nice fish in the boat, would lose three or four more, and would get countless additional hits without hookups. The fish were in prime condition; silver-bright and hard-fighting, with one feisty fellow getting away by straightening the hooks on Theresa's lure. For the Nelsons it was nothing unusual. They 'at thette lake every day they're not jobs when a sockeye fishery is open. And once a run has begun, they say, they have never been skunked. This is a particularly easy year not to be skunked. More than half a million fish have entered the lake since early summer, drawn by the Cedar River at the south end of the lake, and most of them still are milling around. We were fishing west Mercer Island, a mile or so north of Seattle's Seward Park, using standard techniques. Ken Nelson was well acquainted with them. Matter of fact, he had helped develop them. Sockeye don't eat other fish, the way coho and chinook do, and for years, Washington anglers believed that you couldn't catch them on hook and line. But, with runs to Lake Washington reaching massive proportions, fishermen began to think it was too good a thing to ignore. So, in the early 1970s, a local outdoor sports newspaper decided to attack the problem. "It organized teams to fish the lake," Ken said. "I was a team leader. Everybody would spread out, different teams on different parts of the lake, and we'd try different kinds of things. "Then the teams would get together for meetings later, and we'd talk about what we'd found out. We learned you've got to be deep, and you could catch them on a dodger and a red flatfish." That became standard equipment and, for years, local anglers didn't deviate from it. Recently, though, some new combinations have been found. Gold or silver flatfish are catching sockeye now, and so are Point Defiance spoons.

Sockeye fishery a 'reel' smash

First Race - 6 furlongs. Purse 56,900. Claiming 12,500. Fillies 3 year-olds bred in Washington. Horse & Weight P.P. 1/ ½/ Str Fin Odds Flanette (112) 1hd 1-1 1-2½ 1½ 3.00 Mini Merit (116) 8 7-2½ 5-1 3-1½ 2hd 4.10 Dark Flame (112) 6 8 7-2½ 4-1½ 3-6 8.40 Kiki B. (115) 5-1 6hd 7-2½ 4-2½ 2.70 Ellie Steel (118) 3-1 2½ 2hd 5no 7.80 GotWingswillFly (118) 7 4-1 3-1 5½/2 6-2 7.70 S. S. Bimini (115). 2 6hd 8 8 7-2 15.80 McrnPrncs (118) 3 2-2 4hd 6hd 8 9.90 OFF 1:02 PPDT START - Good. Won Driving. TIME - :22; :45 4/5; :58 3/5; 1:11 3/5, HANDLE 48,510. (4) Flanette (Hoverson) 8.00 4.40 3.60 (8) Mini Merit (Skinner) 5.20 3.60 (6) Dark Flame (lammarino) 5.00 SCRATCHED: none. WINNER dk b or br f 1985, by Royal HawaiianFlanagan Ali, by Duc de Flanan (WA). OWNER R.E, Harvey. TRAINER - Lyle Stark. Race 1. Notes: FLANETTE took command at once, disposed of Macaroni Princess before going a half mile and maintained a safe advantage. MINI MERIT lacked early foot, rallied wide on the turn and finished full of run, DARK FLAME, outrun for a half mile, raced very wide into the stretch and closed strongly. KIKI B. lacked a closing response. GOT WINGS WILL FLY flattened out in the drive. ELLIE STEEL pressed the pace for a half and gave way. MACARONI PRINCESS stopped after showing brief speed along the inside.

Second Race - 6½ furlongs. Purse $4,000. Claiming 4,000. 4 year-olds and up non-winners in 1988, 122 lbs. Horse & Weight P.P. ¼ ½ Str Fin Odds Curly Wolf (122) 6 11-2 6-1 4hd Ino 29.20 Long Flat Red (122), . 11 4-3½ 4hd 5-3 2-1 3.80 I'm No Saint (122) 5½/ 5-3 3-1½ 3nd 2.50 Jay Bar Blade (122) 3hd 2-1 2-1 4nk 5.50 Namesake (122) 10-1 11-3 8-2 5-1 42.50 Barbaric George (122) 2 1hd 1-1½ 1hd 6-3½ 20.60 Pappa'sGmbir (122). . 10 8hd 8-3 7-2 7-1½ 10.10 The Gutty (122), 8 2hd 3-1½ 6hd 8-1¼ 5.30 Styro Leefro (122) 12 12 10-1 11 9hd 63.00 Meilink (122) 9-1 9½ 10hd 10-1. 10.00 He's An Officer (122) 5 6hd 7hd 9hd 11 12.30 Bolgers Dancer (122). 1 7-2 12 bled 51.60 OFF 1:28 PPDT START - Good. Won Driving. TIME :22 1/5; :45 3/5; 1:11 4/5; 1:18 2/5, HANDLE 69,556. (6) Curly Wolf (Mills) 60.40 27.80 10.20 (11) LngFitRd (lammarino) 6.20 4.00 (7) I'm No Saint (Southwick) 3.40 SCRATCHED: Hell's Crossing, Sun Corps., Lydlard Tregoze, Deacon Philip, WINNER dk b or br g 1984, by Dominant StarMatcha Qu A., by Blue Serenade (WA) OWNER Scrt's Reng Stb.Inc. & J. Fiks. TRAINER Jim Foulkes. Race 2 Notes: CURLY WOLF lacked early foot, rallied very wide on the stretch turn and closed with a rush to edge long flat red at the wire. LONG FLAT RED, four wide down the backstretch, continued along the far outside on the turn, rallied when settled for the drive and finished fast to just miss. I'M NO SAINT. never far back, slipped through along the inside to challenge in the upper stretch but wasn't good enough, JAY BAR BLADE prompted the pace while racing under steadying restraint, but lacked the needed closing response. BARBARIC GEORGE sprinted clear early, saved ground while setting the pace and weakened in the drive. THE GUTTY gave way after showing brief speed. BOLGERS DANCER bled during the stretch run and was eased. $2 DAILY DOUBLE 4-6, $389.00

treich & Merle Haffner. TRAINER Tim McCanna. CLAIMED - Night Writer by C. Elmore. Trainer, Gordon Gordon. Race 3 Notes: CAINE MUTINY dropped back at the beginning, circled the field on the stretch turn and closed strongly ion the middle of the track to be up in the final strides. PRO AM dueled for the lead from the beginning, moved through along the inside to take command midway in the drive but could not resist the winner. DARK THUNDER, never far back, responded to pressure but could not threatenin the late stages. KING MERIT dueled for the lead into the stretch and weakened. BRAVE SPOOK was never a factor. NIGHT WRITER gave way after showing brief speed. DIVINE FAMILY shared the lead briefly and weakened. IMPRESSIVE REASON checked along the inside in the opening quarter, gave way badly and was eased before going a half mile. APPLE REVIEW was scratched out of the paddock when he was unable to be saddled. All wagers on him were refunded. $3 EXACTA 5-6, $178.50

"because they sold out of 1 licenses, and they've b been ordering flatfish just wherever they can get them. "We had to run all the way to Issaquah last night for these," he said. Like a lot of anglers here, Theresa and Ken are strong advocates of building a spawning channel for sockeye on the Cedar River. The fish in this run all are wild ones, which spawn where they can find the gravel. But, more often than not, floods and droughts kill millions of eggs and young fish. The this year, projected to reach nearly 570,000, should be the second-largest on record. But environmental conditions make survival of the young so precarious that this is the first Lake Washington sockeye sport fishery allowed since 1984, though the fish return to the lake from Puget Sound every year. That's because the state Fisheries Department, which manages the run, will not allow any kind of targeted fishing to occur until it thinks it can put at least 350,000 into the river for spawning.

SCRATCHED: none. WINNER ch g 1980, by Theologist-On the Air, by Tom Rolfe (WA). OWNER John & Doris Konecny, TRAINER - Steve Goldsmith. CLAIMED - Phobos To Diemos by WalkerJones-Burlingame. Trainer, Tom Burlingame. CLAIMED - Wickhersnapp by J. and Mary McCann. Trainer, Mike McCann. CLAIMED Lawschool Lad by E. and Karolyn Goodman. Trainer, Roland Brumbaugh. Race 11 Notes: VIETZ, forwardly placed from the beginning, moved up to take command before going a half, gradually drew clear and retained a safe advantage. WICK HERSNAPP dropped back at the beginning, saved ground while being outrun, eased out for the drive and closed strongly from between horses. RAJA BILL gained his best stride belatedly and finished full of run. FAMILY DROOLS rallied too late. BRENT GOES ON offered his best bid on the stretch turn and faltered. GALTEE LAD prompted the pace and gave way. KPHOBOS TO DIEMOS pressed the pace from six furlongs and stopped. LAWSCHOOL LAD dueled for the early lead and had nothing left. $3 EXACTA 10-4, $318.90 $1 TRIFECTA 10-4-1, $1,515.70 Attendance - 9,992. Total Handle - $1,592,821.

SCRATCHED: none. WINNER - dk b or br g 1985, by Slewdledo-Northwest Snipper, by Canmadian Gil (WA). OWNER Jerry Kohls & Don Kohls. TRAINER James Mayer. Race 8 Notes: SNIPLEDO went to the front at once, set the pace under mild rating, responded when challenged on the stretch turn and outfinished Poupon in a stiff drive. POUPON, never far back, moved through along the inside on the final turn to engage Snipledo, responded gamely just missed in a sharp try. PRINTS CHARMING lacked the needed closing response. TARRASLEW, forwardly placed early, gave way during the stretch run, Maned Wolf stopped after showing brief speed. $5 EXACTA 1-5, $33.00

Fourth Race - 6 furlongs. Purse $9,000. Claiming 20,000, 3 year-olds. Horse & Weight P.P. 1 ½/ Str Fin Odds Audit Naught Be (120) 5 2-112 2-3 1-4 1-7 3.10 Wailea Bay (116) 8 7-5 7-3 5-1½ 2nk 5.80 Fleeting Ben (120) . 5½ 5-2½ 4-1½ 3-2½ 6.90 H. T.'s Lear (120) 4-1 3hd 3hd 4-2 14.50 Shadacious (115) , 6-3 6-2 8 5-1½ 5.80 Spanish Hawk (120) 3½/ 4-1 6-1 6½ 12.00 Ronte (120). 8 8 7-2 7-3½ 7.50 Amerind (116). . . . 2 1hd 1hd 2hd 8 2.60 OFF 2:25 PPDT START Good. Won Easily. TIME - :21 4/5; :44 3/5; :57; 1:10, HANDLE 119,447. (5) AdtNghtBe (V.Argn) 8.20 4.20 3.20 (8) Wailea Bay (Skinner) 4.60 3.60 (1) Fleeting Ben (Camargo) 4.60 SCRATCHED: none. WINNER dk b or br g 1985, by Neat NativeTables Fortune, by Table Run (WA). OWNER John Love. TRAINER - Clint Roberts. Race 4 Notes: AUDIT NAUGHT BE engaged Amerind for the early lead, forged to the front nearing the stretch and drew off to win as much the best. WAILEA BAY, outrun early, rallied wide on the stretchturn and closed strongly. FLEETING BEN saved ground while being outrun early, eased out for the drive and finished willingly. H. T.'S LEAR went evently. SHADACIOUS lacked the needed closing response. RONTE dropped back at the beginning, saved ground into the stretch, then steadied when blocked through the final furlong. RONTE dueled with Audit Naught Be for a half, stopped badly and was not pressured while dropping back through the final furlong.

Fifth Race 6 furlongs. Purse $6,000. Claiming 8,000. 4 year-olds and up. Horse & Weight P.P. ¼ ½ Str Fin Odds Lord Jasper (117) 8½ 4hd 2-1½ 1-2½ 11.60 Noholme Gold (114). . 8 10 9-2½ 6-1½ 2hd 9.60 Apple Market (114) . 10 7-1 6½ 4hd 3hd 12.80 Lightning Spirit (120). 2 5-2 5½ 5-2½ 4no 4.80 Bumble's Buddy (114) 5 Thd 1½ 1-1 5nk 2.90 Billy Day (120) 4½ 3-1 3-2 6-2 2.80 Vanton's Doni (120) . 6-1 7-2 7-1½ 7-1½ 31.70 Sweep Seven (120). 9-3 10 8-4 8-13 12.80 Rose'sTrfBizr (116) 2hd 2-1 9-1½ 9-3½ 19.00 Erly Drmr (120) . 3-1 8-1 10 10 8.10 OFF - 2:57 PPDT START - Good. Won Driving. TIME :21 4/5; :45; :57 2/5; 1:10, HANDLE 67,325. (4) LrdJspr (Cris) 25.20 9.20 6.20 (8) Noholme Gold (Knapp) 10.20 5.40 (10) Apple Market (Camargo) 5.60 SCRATCHED: none. WINNER - gr g 1981, by The Irish Lord-Copndoe Mia, by Top Conference (WA). OWNER - Vaden & Fern Ashby, TRAINER Vaden Ashby. Race 5 Notes: LORD JASPER lacked early foot, advanced along the inbside early, drove between horses on the stretch turn, ran down Bumble's Buddy with a rush and won going away. NOHOLME GOLD droppedback at the beginning, eased outside after entering the stretch and closed with a rush. APPLE MARKET, slow to reach his best stride, rallied wide into the stretch and closed strongly. LIGHTNING SPIRIT rallied from between horses when settled for the drive but could not get up in time. BUMBLE'WS BUDDY dueled for the earl;y lead and weakended. BILLY DAY, close up along the inside, flattened out in the drive. ROSE'S TURN BLAZER shared the lead for a half and stopped badly. EARLEY DRUMMER gave way after showing brief speed. $3 EXACTA 4-8, $240.30

Seventh Race - 6½ furlongs. Purse $9,100. Claiming 16,000. Fillies and Mares 4 year-olds and up. Horse & Weight P.P, ¼ ½ Str Fin Odds Sucess Formula (116). 5 5-1½ 5-2 2-3 1-3 2.70 Ms. Runaur (118) 6 2-2½ 1hd 1-1½ 2-3 1.70 Windy To A Lark (112) 2 6½ 6-2 3-1 3-1 23.70 Spanish Kay (116) 7-2 7-1 7-3 4-1 11.20 She's A Trooper (118). 7 9-1½ 9-3 6½ 5-3½ 9.50 Papetite (116). . . . 10 4-1 4hd 5-1 6-3 9.80 Delacero (116) 1hd 2-3 4-2½ 7-2 20.30 Cri'sFrstDwn (107) 8hd 8hd 9-1½ 8-2 29.30 Classic Barb (112) . 3-3 3-2½ 8-1 9½/2 6.30 Always A Bebe (107) 00 10 10 10 10 28.70 OFF 3:57 PPDT START - Good. Won Driving. TIME :22 2/5; :45 4/5; 1:10; 1:16 2/5, HANDLE 69,451. (5) SucessFrmi (Gnsivs) 7.40 3.60 3.40 (6) Ms. Runaur (Barnese) 3.00 2.80 (2) Windy ToALark (Camargo) 6.40 SCRATCHED: none. WINNER b m 1983, by Dominant Star-Goodbye Time, by Greco Time (WA). OWNER - Rural Land Farm. TRAINER - Tim McCanna. Race 7 Notes: SUCESS FORMULA, outrun for a half mile, moved strongly along the outside turning into the stretch, ran down Ms. Runaur inside the furlong marker and won going away. MS. RUNAUR engaged Delacero for the early lead, shook off that rival to draw clear entering the stretch but could not resist the winner. WINDY TO A LARK saved ground while being outrun early, eased out slightly for the drive and finished willingly. SPANISH WAY gained her best stride too late. DELACERO shared the lead into the stretch and weakened. CLASSIC BARB flattened out during the stretch run.

Trolling deep still is one of the essentials for sockeye, however. Trolling slowly is another. Ken Nelson trolls with a 6-horse kicker, throttled down about as low as it will go. We started with our downriggers at 65 feet in about 135 feet of water, moving so slowly that the weighed wire line hung nearly vertically. "When it gets lighter we'll go a little deeper," he said. "It drives them down. But they're thermocline fish, and they'll stay at whatever temperature they really like." In August, Ken said, you can catch them right on the bottom. For now, 65 to 85 feet is the magic bracket. Theresa's monofilament was rigged with a No. 2 dodger and a gold X-5 flatfish, its finish chipped and scarred by many sockeye strikes. My own line held a size 0 dodger and a silver X-5. "Early morning we usually get a lot of action," Ken said. "That's why we use only two lines. A third one is just in the way. "When we get one on, we leave the other line in," he said. "We get a lot of doubles that way." The Nelsons use 25- to 30-pound test leader, about 1½ times the length of the dodger. The leader is heavy, Theresa said, because sockeye like to roll it around their gill covers, and lighter monofilament can be torn up. Theresa got several more fish in the boat before I got a hit, so we experimented until we found a combination that worked for me a size 0 dodger with an X-4 flatfish, orange with black dots. The Lake Washington sockeye season must create a tremendous business for sport shops, Ken said,

Seven-Sprint Event, by Bold Hitter. OWNER - M. Puhich & R. Dittemore. TRAINER Michael Puhich. WINNER - Shooting Pitch-b m 1982, by Pitching Wedge-Golden Tami, by Native Born. OWNER Jack & Mary McCann. TRAINER Mike Chambers. Race 9 Notes: SPRING TROOPER saved ground while being outrun early, drove between horses entering the stretch, ran down Blue Boy's Joy in the final furlong and was hard ridden to dead heat with Shooting Pitch at the wire. SHOOTING PITCH pressed the pace from the beginning, rallied when settled for the drive and closed strongly to be on even terms with Spring Trooper. BLUE BOY'S JOY went to the front at once, saved ground while setting the pace but lacked the needed late response. DYNAGLASS gained her best stride too late. FOXY ISLAND was finished early READY TO RULE flipped in the gate and was scratched with all wagers on her being refunded. $3 EXACTA 4-7, $13.80 $3 EXACTA 7-4, $9.30

of many sockeye salmon being taken out of Lake Washington.

SCRATCHED: none. WINNER - bf 1985, by Pumpkin Moonshine-Miss Fare, by Verbatim (KY), OWNER - David Hallin. TRAINER - Bruce Samuels. Race 6 Notes: LAP OF LUXURY, permitted to settle in stride early, advanced along the inside on the second turn, eased out to come between horses entering the stretch, ran down Whata Find Suzy with a rush and maintained a safe advantage. RIFF FAFF prompted the pace from the beginning, eased out slightly for the drive and held on gamely in the late stages. EDITORALLY, never far back, rallied along the outside turning into the stretch and closed strongly. TABLE MORN gave way after showing brief speed. WHATA FIND SUZY sprinted clear early, saved ground while setting the pace and had nothing left for the stretch run. HOT ZEE was finished early.

OFF - 5:36 PPDT START - Good. Won Driving. TIME - :21 2/5; :44 1/5; :56 2/5; 1:09 1/5, HANDLE 166,647. (3) Fleet Sudan (Steiner) 7.20 4.40 3.20 (4) Capo Dei Capi (Sorenson) 19.40 9.20 (10) Super Fit (Hanna) 5.00 SCRATCHED: none. WINNER - bc 1984, by Upper Nile-Two Spins, by Cannonade (WA), OWNER - AI Russak. TRAINER - Clint Roberts. Race 10 Notes: FLEET SUDAN lacked early foot, eased out for racing room in the upper stretch, responded readily when clear and closed with a rush to edge Capo Dei Capi at the wire. CAPO DEI CAPI, well placed from the beginning, moved along the outside turning into the stretch and finished strongly to just miss. SUPER FIT went to the front at once, saved ground while setting the pace, drifted in during the stretch run and just failed to last. LAFEET LAFAST dropped back at the beginning, remained well back to the stretch, responded when called upon and closed with a rush. HYDROSTATIC pressed the pace early, cut back inside in the upper stretch and lacked the needed late response. SPANISH MISCHIEF steadied while in traffic along the inside nearing the turn and gave way. HELLO RED was hard used along the inside vying for the lead and had nothing left for the stretch run.
