# Edmonton Journal — 1988-02-17 — p.21

**Publication:** Edmonton Journal
**Date:** 1988-02-17
**Page:** 21
**Location:** Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/473151777/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 473151777

## Paragraphs

By MARK SPECTOR Journal Staff Writer Two former University of Alberta Pandas and one current U of A player will compete with Canada's national women's field hockey team in Perth, Australia, next month. The tournament is a showcase for countries seeking a gold medal in Seoul, South Korea, at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Ex-Pandas Deb Covey and Schona Schleppe, and current Panda Liz Czenczek will be joined by the University of Calgary's Michelle Klein when they leave Wednesday for the Bicentennial tournament in Perth.

The trip will be no vacation, however, because they'll be on the field six days a week. "We'll be training for the first four months, playing against a lot of men's teams," said Czenczek (pronounced Zen-chuk). "Two practices a day, and a game every night." Each of the three Pandas were Bakewell Award winners as the oustanding female athlete at the U of A, but "we never really had a chance to play together much. Just on the provincial team and indoors," said Czenczek, 23. The Canadian women's team placed third at the Pan Am Games in Indianapolis (the men won the gold medal), and placed fifth at the '84 Olympics. They hope to come home from Korea with an Olympic medal, but will be decided underdogs, seeded sixth. "We hope to be in there," said Schleppe, 24. "But competing against European countries is very hard for us. It's just a weekend trip for them to train against each other, whereas we have to travel overseas or play the United States." Holland has the No. 1 women's team in the world. The country also has more than 100 artificial turf fields for their youth to play on. "Over there, if you tell them you play field hockey they don't understand. To them it's just hockey," said Schleppe. The competition at the Bicentennial tournament (part of Perth's Bicentennial celebrations in March) will include Australia, South Korea, Holland, Great Britain, and New Zealand. Only the New Zealanders won't be at the '88 Summer Games. Before those Games, the Canadians will have spent 174 out of the 270 preceding days on the road in preparation.
