# Anchorage Times — 1988-04-24 — p.34

**Publication:** Anchorage Times
**Date:** 1988-04-24
**Page:** 34
**Location:** Anchorage, Alaska
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1056872480/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 1056872480

## Paragraphs

By Danny Martin Times Sports Writer If Roy Henderson did not know Maurice Hall, he would question what the 5-foot-5, 14-year-old was doing on the Ben Boeke Arena ice with older and larger hockey in a scrimmage at the Spring Junior A/Collegiate Evaluation Camp. "Normally, when you come out to one of these (camps) and see kids out there two or three years younger than everyone else, you tend to say 'That kid ' * shouldn't be out there, Henderson said. "But after watching him, you say that about some of the older kids." Henderson, the Philadelphia Flyers' Western Region scout and the general manager of the Richmond Sockeyes of the British Columbia Junior Hockey League of Canada, is among six professional, junior and collegiate representatives at the camp which began Thursday and ends today. The other representatives are Rick Kozuback, head coach of NCAA Division III champion Wisconsin-River Falls; Kevin Constantine, head coach and GM of the Rochester (N.Y.) Mustangs, the United States Hockey League national Junior A champions; Chuck Grillo and Pat Funk, New York Rangers scouts; and Bruce Taylor, owner of the Richmond Sockeyes. The camp is a combination of two evaluation camps started last year by Dennis Sorenson and Tim Gorski. Sorenson is a coach of the Alaska All-Star Pee Wees and a former University of Alaska Anchorage center and Gorski is the Alaska scout for the Rangers and the head coach of the Alaska High School All-Star Select Team. "This gives Alaskan kids the chance for exposure without having to travel," Sorenson said. "Recently, a lot of kids have flown Outside to various camps. They spent $1,000 for the trip, and they wound up getting cut, and didn't know where to go from there.' It's also beneficial for the representatives as they are looking for potential recruits, present and future considerations for the NHL draft, or a prospect whom
