# Times Colonist — 1988-02-15 — p.14

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1988-02-15
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508105225/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 508105225

## Paragraphs

By Darron Kloster Times-Colonist staff There was little love lost between the rival Juan de Fuca Whalers and the Delta Flyers Sunday afternoon in a hard hitting, penalty-riddled Valentine's day contest at the Juan de Fuca Recreation Centre. The Flyers beefed their winning streak to three games after bouncing the hapless Whalers 5-2 in the British Columbia Junior Hockey League game before 200 fans and moved into first place in the Coastal Division with a 33-17-1 record, one point up on the Richmond Sockeyes. The Whalers, meanwhile, still rattled from the 7-2 defeat they absorbed in Richmond on Saturday night, are mired in a five-game losing streak and find themselves clinging to the final playoff berth - the first in the franchise's five-year history - with a 24-23-1 record and just four games remaining in the regular season. "It's not just any one thing," Whalers coach Dale Sproule said of his team's recent slide. "We're going through a bad time as a team right now. With a couple of guys out of the lineup, and with a couple more on the way out due to this eligibility thing, it's had a very disrupting influence on everyone." Defenceman Scott Miller and forward Jamie Fowler did not dress for Juan de Fuca yesterday afternoon, both apparent victims of the flu. And to shake up the already-shaken Whalers, the club has been informed that, under National Collegiate Athletic Association rules, defenceman David Bortolotto, who turned 21 today, and high-scoring forward Randy Zulinik, who turns 21 on March 5, would no longer be eligible to play with the team after their respective birthdays, leaving the Whalers with big holes to fill heading into the playoffs later this month. Both Bortolotto and Zulinik, who is seventh in league scoring with 80 points, have full scholarships from the University of Illinois in Chicago. An infringement on the ruling at this point would mean either player could lose one year of college eligibility. The university, however, has agreed to allow both skaters to continue playing with the Whalers provided U of I is eliminated from its approaching opening round of the playoffs. The only bright spot for the Whalers right now, noted Juan de Fuca vice-president Allan Sproule, is the U of I's recent six-game losing streak and a glimmer of hope the team may continue to slide into the opening playoff round.
