# The Daily Herald — 1988-09-01 — p.37

**Publication:** The Daily Herald
**Date:** 1988-09-01
**Page:** 37
**Location:** Everett, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1066003915/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1066003915

## Paragraphs

ASU coach hires ex-teammate Associated Press TEMPE, Ariz. - Jay Helman, a former college teammate of Arizona State University basketball coach Steve Patterson, was hired Wednesday as the Sun Devils' volunteer assistant. Helman, 36, replaces Lionel Hollins, a former Arizona State AllAmerican and NBA All-StEr guard who resigned June 20 to become an assistant coach with the Phoenix Suns. Patterson said Helman's primary duties will Include academic counseling for the team, on-floor coaching end scouting. Helman comes from Penn State, where he was a teacher in the fresh• man enrichment program for student He previously was an • gsistant coach at Sonoma State College in Rohnert Park, Calif., from 1978-82 before Patterson took over for the 1982-83 season. Patterson, a 6-foot-9 center at UCLA, and Helman, a 6-7 forward, were teanurates for one season with the Bruins In 1970.

Mike Chamberlain at Ted's Sport Center in Lynnwood said that the Lake Washington sockeye salmon bite has resumed, after most everyone had given the fishery up for dead, and that action has been surprisingly good. Chamberlain says that the fish, while not as prime as earlier in the season, are not that bad, either. Anglers are using very specialized tackle to take the 5- to 10-pound salt. , however, Chamberlain said. He recommends a number 1 chrome Abe and Al Masher, followed by exactly 18 inches of leader, and a red (preferably) or black Gumakatsy
