# The Times-Transcript — 1988-09-07 — p.36

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-09-07
**Page:** 36
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107184684/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107184684

## Paragraphs

Berry, Guy Gosselin, Matt Hervey, Todd Flichel and Bryan Marchment will compete for the other one or two spots. Marchment was a first round draft pick two years ago. If he doesn't make the team, he must return to. the Ontario Junior League. Boutilier, Berry, Gosselin, Hervey and Flichel will be eligible to come to Moncton. The Jets are strong up the middle. Superstar Dale Hawerchuk, a consistent 100-point scorer, leads the centremen. Veterans Thomas Steen and Laurie Boschman also have some job security. Looking for that fourth centre job will be Darren Boyko, a small Winnipeg native who is returning to the pros after a few years in Europe, Brad Jones, Alfie Turcotte and Guy Larose. - Another centre, Ron Wilson, will stay in Moncton and an assistant coach/player. Jones joined the Jets late last season after playing with the American Olympic team. "He'll be one of the top three skaters at camp land he'll have one of the three hardest shots. He just needs experience at the pro level," says Bowness. Turcotte, an AHL all-star with

By Dwayne Tingley Staff Reporter Moncton Hawks coach Rick Bowness says the NHL's Winnipeg Jets are entering training camp with "more depth than ever before." The Jets begin training camp for the 1988-89 season Saturday morning at the Moncton Coliseum. Players and staff check in Friday for medicals and photo sessions. A total of 65 players will attend camp, which will feature two scrimmage games per day for a week and an exhibition game between the Jets and American Hockey League Hawks next Friday night. Bowness says the depth of the Jets will make for an "intense" training camp and a number of positions are up for grabs with the NHL club. - "We expect the scrimmages to be physical," he said Tuesday. "Some guys want to save their jobs and others are trying to take them away. "We'll see some good action. From my point of view, this is going to be good for the Moncton Hawks. Players who don't land spots on the third and fourth lines in Winnipeg will be in Moncton.

We're going to get some good, professional players.' Bowness expects a four-way battle for two goaltending positions with the Jets. Daniel Berthiaume has been called the Jets top goaltender, but there are reports that he has put on weight during the summer and he will come to camp overweight. Eldon (Pokey) Reddick was Berthiaume's back-up for much of last winter, but he will be challenged by veteran Alain Chevrier, who came to the Jets from New Jersey Devils in a summer trade. Tom Draper, who guided his team to the Finnish League title last season, also has a shot, but he will likely play in Moncton. Bob Essensa, who had a hot cold season with the Hawks, and draft pick Stephane Beauregard are also coming to camp. Beauregard was an all-star in the Quebec Major Junior League last year. On defence, 13 players will be vying for seven or eight NHL jobs. Veterans Jim Kyte, Randy Carlyle, Frederic Olausson, Dave Ellett, Mario Marois and Peter Taglianetti have virtually been assured NHL jobs. Paul Boutilier, who spent much of the season in the AHL but had a good playoff with the Jets, Brad

rhythmic gymnast Lise Gautreau is the sister of hockey player Danny, Gautreau. Danny and his family will be on hand to see Lise perform at the upcoming Summer Olympic Games in Seoul, South Korea. Gene Mitton and Wayne Wood will also work with Moncton Plumbing Hawks head coach Kevin Gaudet. The fan vote is in for the Montreal Expos' top players in their 20-year history and Gary Carter, ' who got 440,615 votes at catcher, is the top vote-getter (639,945 votes were cast). The rest of the lineup: F First base Andres Galarrage; second Rodney Scott; shortstop - Hubie Brooks; third base - Tim Wallach; left field - Tim Raines; centre field - Andre Dawson; right field - Rusty Staub; right-handed starter - Steve Rodgers; left-handed starter - Bill Lee; right-handed reliever - Jeff Reardon; Fryman. The Expos dream left-handed reliever E Woodie team plays the Equitable AllStars Sept. 11 before the Expos meet the New York Mets at Olympic Stadium. Players still with the Expos will be replaced by the runner-up in the voting..Former Maritime hockey star Charlie Poirier of Moncton has turned into a prophet. Back in the mid-1960s, Poirier stated that Harbour Grace, Nfld. would be a good place for draft dodgers and convicts. Well, federal trade minister John Crosbie of Newfoundland recently announced plans for a maximum penitentary for Harbour Grace. Poirier was only joking when he made the statement after the Moncton Hawks returned from beating the Newfoundland team in the Allan Cup playoffs. However, many Newfoundlanders took objetion by writing to this newspaper's Public Opinion. ••• Winnipeg Jets brass and players are slated to check into Moncton Thursday night. The players will undergo medicals Friday morning. Some players may skate in the afternoon. The players will be broken into four teams - A, B, C and D. The regular workouts will start Saturday morning with the A and B team practicing at 8:30 a.m. followed by a scrimmage at 10:30 a.m. The C and D team will hit the ice at 1 p.m. with a scrimmage at 3 p.m. The teams will play down to a consolation and championship scrimmage on the morning of Friday, Sept. 16.

the Hawks, has "a great chance" at cracking the Jets line-up, says Bowness. "He's ready to play in the National 1 League,' the Hawks coach said. "He's got the skills. He just has to play with confidence. On the left side, Brent Ashton, Doug Smail and Gilles Hamel are returning. Also looking for jobs will be Randy Gilhen, Finnish import Markku Kyllonen, Steven Fletcher, Brent Hughes, Craig Endean and free agent Cal Zankowsky. "You don't have to tell the fans in Moncton how valuable Randy Gilhen is," says Bowness. "He's a classy player who is ready for the NHL. He plays with his heart and his head.' Endean is the all-time leading scorer in the Western Junior League and odds are he'll end up in Moncton. The toughest battle may be at right winter. Veterans Andrew McBain and Ray Neufeld are back. Seeking employment are: Hannu Jarvenpaa, Pat Elynuik, Mark Kumpel, Peter Douris, Mike Warus and Neil Meadmore. . "It'll be close between Douris, Kumpel, Jarvenpaa and Elynuik," Bowness says. "We'll proba-
