# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-01-06 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-01-06
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323759481/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 323759481

## Paragraphs

McNabb. "It looked like he (Hopper) sent a guy after him. If that's going to happen, then him (Hopper) and I will go and settle things. I know he's a small guy, Hopper, whose coaching style wouldn't support such a move, was rather stunned by McNabb's threatening gesture midway through the second period. "Larry was jumping up and down at me as if had sent him (Voshell) out there,' said Hopper. "He (Voshell) was frustrated and guess he's not going to put up with whatever went on out there." Voshell shouted at his bench, "Now get going" after being ejected so perhaps was only looking to get club fired up with Nanaimo holding a 5-0 lead. As for stat night, Grant McDonald fired a pair of goals and added an assist for the Clippers, while Pat Hodgins chipped in with a goal and three assists. Captain Sean Stotts ended a seven-game scoring slump with one marker and two assists, while L.D. McNabb and Mike Knapton each produced a goal, and an assist. Joining in the fun were Finner, Wally Bzdell and Darren Biggs with two helpers apiece. McNabb S said no secret strategy was used in the Clippers first victory in seven starts against Delta. "I thought we played as a unit," he said. "I couldn't think of anybody who didn't play well. Everybody has to come to play hockey and that's how we have play every night. It was nice to take pressure off Corky's (Parkes) line and get somebody else scoring.' Parkes missed the third period after L.D. McNabb's skate cut his hand for five stitches at the Clipper bench. A tie and win over Delta to open the New Year makes the Clippers' January schedule look a better. Nanaimo still must face Richmond Sockeyes twice and Delta, Penticton Knights and Juan de Fuca Whalers once each this month. "If you checked our schedule after Christmas, it looked like a nightmare," said coach McNabb. "If we play like this against Richmond, it should be a heck of a game Friday night (Civic Arena)." Hopper, whose club has been hard hit by injuries, credited the Clippers

30, , of Terrace (a two-time winner), Special Olympics swimmer Kathy Davis, 18, of Victoria and Pier Morten, 28, of Burnaby, a deaf and blind wrestler. Picked as the top B.C. teams in 1987 were: "sailing's Ross Macdonald and Bruce Macdonald, both of Vancouver, gold medallists at the Pan-Am Games; Richmond Sockeyes, Centennial Cup junior hockey champions of Canada; and the Pat Sanders rink of Victoria, the Canadian and world women's curling champions. Former winners of the overall award, include distance runner Lynn Williams, rhythmic gymnast Lori Fung and tennis star Helen Kelesi. Also to be honored Jan. 30 will be a deserving provincial coach, an official and an athlete who made a courageous comeback in 1987.
