# Times Colonist — 1988-03-02 — p.12

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1988-03-02
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508172399/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 508172399

## Paragraphs

RICHMOND- - It's do or die back home in Juan de Fuca tonight for the Whalers after they crashed 7-0 Tuesday night to Richmond Sockeyes and fell behind 3-2 in the best-of -seven B.C. Junior Hockey League Coast Division semifinal. The Whalers never got on track in the fight-filled game that was chippy from the start. The Sockeyes capitalized by scoring four power-play goals. "The first penalty was 58 seconds after the start," Whalers' assistant coach Mowatt explained. "They scored straight away from that one and then there was nothing but penalties.' A total of 149 minutes in penalties were dished out to Juan de Fuca and 109 minutes to Richmond. "So the four power-play goals

the English League's First Division, Alan Hodgkinson, goalkeeper coach to the Scottish Football Association and coach to the netminders of English clubs Manchester United and Sheffield Wednesday, and Bert van Lingen, Netherlands Under-21 team coach and assistant nationalteam coach, will join regular top-level instructors for the summer camp.

were the really big difference in the game," Mowatt pointed out. "The refereeing was brutal. I've complained in the past about the refs on Vancouver Island but I've never seen anything like this guy. He let both sides get away with far too much." Richmond's goals were scored by Barry Kress, with two, Rick Herbert, Dwayne Wills, Greg Hadden, Dan Walton and Wayne Stripp. Richmond goalkeeper Mike Doyle made 30 saves to earn the shutout as the Sockeyes outshot the Whalers 36-30. Tonight's game is at 7:30 at the Juan de Fuca Arena and, if a seventh encounter is needed, it will be back in Richmond Friday night. Nanaimo Clippers beat Delta Flyers 5-2 to leave Delta ahead 3-2 in the other Coastal semifinal.
