# Kennebec Journal — 1988-08-16 — p.16

**Publication:** Kennebec Journal
**Date:** 1988-08-16
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Augusta, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/859148449/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 859148449

## Paragraphs

fold hockey coach WINTHRO? - Winthrop High School is looking for a field hockey assistant coach. Interested candidates should call Athletic Director Larry Baker af 933-4120.

A memorable Alaskan fishing trip. Eleven-year-old Joseph White of Gardiner isn't about to forget what happened on his first big fishing trip. The O.G. Woodman Middle School pupil not only was high liner but topped Kevin McHale, the Boston Celtics star basketball player. Joseph made the Alaska trip with his dad, John E. White, a Gardiner school teacher, the latter's father, brother and brother-in-law. They fished the Kenai River below Anchorage and were based at a sporting in Soldatna. While drift- and using a Spin-and-Glow lure, Joseph tied into a massive King salmon and outlasted, the trophy, which weighed 70 pounds. McHale, who happened to be angling in the -same area, boated a 54-pounder while the White party accounted for four smaller Kings, as well as a few sockeyes. There were no Cohos or Silver salmon in the waters at the time. The Alaskan junket was the first. for White and his son. The flights. were featured outstanding scenery unfolding beneath them constantly. And the natural surroundings while they were fishing from. boats were as impressive... Typical of the good sportsmanship McHale exhibits on the basketball court, the Celtic star congratulated the young angler and posed with him for several pictures. Joseph's trophy will be mounted for posterity. Although the King was shy of the world's record for Kings (Chinooks) of 97 pounds, four ounces caught in the same area, the boy said it was one of the largest boated in recent seasons. The lad's father noted commercial netting was taking place at the mouth of the river when they were there, which may have lessened the number of Kings available to rod and reelers. But the trip was a great experience for all members of the party. THERE IS LOTS of action this week on the outdoor sporting front. Fisheries-Wildlife Commissioner William R. Vail has held public meeting number one concerning the

College METRO ATLANTIC ATHLETIC CONFERENCE-Named Richard Ensor commissioner. MISSOURI- Named Darroll Gatson men's assistant track coach. SOUTHERN METHODIST-Named Dave Wellman head men's and women's track and field coach. Tom Lechnir baseball coach.
