# The Abbotsford News — 1988-01-06 — p.16

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1988-01-06
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536661789/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536661789

## Paragraphs

consistently all season long, chipping in their points game after game. These kids are the type of players that just keep plugging, just keep working away. "Blaine came out of the gate slow. We knew there was something there. We were just wondering when it would wake up, and now as we all know, it did. "The beauty of the thing is that two of them are rookies. Doug's only in his second year and coming into his own, but for Dean and Blaine, for them to be accomplishing what they are doing is pretty damn good. They are the only rookies in the top ten scoring.' While Moore, Methorst and McDonald, and all the rest of highflying forwards will be trying to fill the net, there's no guarantee such is going to happen, however. Because somewhat surprisingly this season, the goaltenders are, posting great numbers of their own in a league not known for its defensive play. Coming into New Year, three goalies in the league were sporting goals-against-averages of less than 3.00 - Willie Popp (2.75) of Richmond Sockeyes, and Glenn Fry (2.59) and Barry Rsys (2.83) of the Vernon Lakers. Interestingly enough, Fry is the only one of the three named to the all-star team. Chris Dickson (3.07) of Delta and Byron Dafoe (3.81) of Juan de Fuca Whalers were named to face the Interior Division shooters, while Fry will be joined by Kelown'a Denis Casey (4.04). (Dickson has since left Delta to accept a scholarship offer from a Minnes NCAA university, St. Cloud State.) Leading the Coastal Division shooters will be Delta's Peter Holmes (44-47-91 in 34 games played), and Doug MacDonald (38-43-81 in 36 games), and Juan de Fuca's Mike VanSickle (44-29-73 in 33 games), who is within one goal of breaking the Whalers' single-season goal-scoring record, held by now-Vancouver Canuck Dan Hodgson. Because the Falcons have not been drawing well this season, McCaskill doesn't know what to expect in terms, of size of the crowd, but noted the game "has sold out for the past six years at whatever rink it's been held at. Last year they crammed 900 into Merritt (seats 700), and the year before they had 1,300 at Nanaimo (seats 1,200). We need 1,200 fans (to break even). The all-star game is a major event and a major
