# The Times-Transcript — 1988-09-08 — p.41

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-09-08
**Page:** 41
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107187951/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107187951

## Paragraphs

his stick like a baby clutching his favorite blanket. The baby-faced. Turcotte was also having fun. It wasn't always that way. "I used to go to training camp and get psy Turcotte explained, "It was bad when I went to Montreal's camp," he added. "I'd walk into there."' the Forum and lose my confidence. I felt like I didn't belong Turcotte scored 102 points in 66 American Hockey League games last season and was named to the second all star team. He was also named the Hawks most popular player by the booster club. After being Montreal's first round draft choice five years ago, he spent much of two seasons with the Canadiens. Since then, he's starred After in the AHL with last year being his most productive. cotte the Hawks were, eliminated from playoff contention, Turadmitted was called up to the NHL by the Jets. He didn't play much, but self-confidence was a problem again. *I have confidence in the American League…some people say I have too much confidence and I'm cocky," Turcotte noted. "I don't know The what happens Indiana in the NHL. I lose it and I get psyched-out." Gary, native emphasizes, however, confidence is a "two way street.' V "I haven't been given a lot of confidence," he said. "If coaches show "It's not confidence much in good me, if I I'm sure I'll play with more confidence. get called up and play a couple of shifts a game. I've got to b be given a chance."

Alfie Turcotte arrived in Moncton Sunday - trim and ready to battle "The for a forward's job with the NHL's Winnipeg Jets. had Jets me to drop some weight so I got down to 180. I've a" few lobsters since got here so I must have gained a few day, If the Turcotte extra continues skate he did at the Coliseum Wednespounds," the AHL's de to lines scorer said Wednesday. weight won't be around long. Turcotte, 23, joined other Moncton Hawks for a four-on-four scrimmage game. With ease, he sped past opponents and kept the puck on : Dwayne_ Tingley

to The Jets begin training camp at the Coliseum Saturday morning and Turcotte says he's more relaxed than ever. "I'm in Moncton and these: are familiar surroundings," he said "I've got a lot of friends here and that's making things easier. "I'm also going to a new camp. I've gone to camps with the Edmonton Oilers and Montreal Canadiens. They had their teams picked before camp even started. "In Winnipeg, they're talking about making changes so I think I'm going to be given an honest chance at making the team. I can relax a little more and have fun. "I've got to play my game......score points and control the puck. to I'm make not the going to team, jump on the ice and fight with anyone. If I'm going it's going to be with offensive steady defensive play, too.' Steen Returning veterans Dale Hawerchuk, an NHL superstar, Thomas and Laurie Boschman are certain to be back as centres with the Jets. Turcotte anticipates an intense struggle for the final centreman's job. * Darren Boyko, a Winnipeg native who is returning after a successful European caréer, former U.S. Olympian Brad Jones and Turcotte are expected to contend for the last spot. "I played against Darren in junior and against Brad since I was 10 tract years with old the the States," said Turcotte, who signed a two-year conin * Jets this summer. "They are good players. Winnipeg's going to take the player with the best camp. I've got to score points. I've got more confidence this year Turcotte and I've got a good chance at making the team.". expects to play for the Hawks in their exhibition game next Friday night against the Jets. "I want to have a good game against the Jets. It'll be fun to play here year." again and try to show the Jets what I can do. This may be my & NOTES - Most Jets players and front office staff will arrive in Moncton today. Medicals and photo sessions will be held Friday and camp begins Saturday morning. Two scrimmage games will be held each day and all sessions are open to the public.....Other Hawks who Todd came to Flichel, the city early to work out on Coliseum ice are: defencemen Matt Hervey and Matt Cote..... When breaks next Saturday, the Jets will take 30 players back to Winnipeg and 30 players will remain in Moncton. The 30 in Winnipeg will play 10 exhibition games with the Jets before eight or nine are sent back to the Hawks. Approximately 12 of the 30 who stay in Moncton will make the Hawks.... ..Brent Ashton has signed a new three-year contract with the Jets. The nine-year NHL veteran came to the Jets from Detroit Red Wings in a trade for Paul MacLean.
