# The Times-Transcript — 1988-09-15 — p.45

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-09-15
**Page:** 45
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107204562/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107204562

## Paragraphs

professional game," said Doucet. The Jets held their annual golf tournament at the Lakeside Golf Club Wednesday afternoon. The winning team in the fiveman Texas scramble tournament featured defencemen Matt Hervey and Chris Mills, scout Charlie Hodge, radio reporter Les Lazaruk of Winnipeg and TimesTranscript sports reporter Gerard McLauglin. They were six-underpar 63. Hawks new assistant coachplayer Ron Wilson, Steven Fletcher, Laurie Boschman and Andrew McBain were second.

Most Winnipeg Jet regulars will be in the lineup Friday night when the NHL team faces off in an exhibition game at the Coliseum against its American Hockey League affiliate, the Moncton Hawks. Well-known Jets like Dale Hawerchuk, Randy Carlyle, Brent Ashton and Andrew McBain will play the game, general manager John Ferguson said Wednesday. Friday's game time, is 7:30 p.m. Ferguson said he wanted to attract a large crowd to the game. "We want people to see the Winnipeg Jets.....the veterans and some of the players coming up through the system," he said. "'We've had a good week here and we'd like to top it off with a good exhibition game." Others in the Jets lineup will be: goaltenders Daniel Berthiaume and. Pokey Reddick; defencemen Bryan Marchment, Frederik Olausson, Teppo Numminen, Brad Berry and Peter Taglianetti; and forwards Gilles Hamel, Alfie Turcotte, Darren Boyko, Teemu Selanne, Markku Kyllonen, lain Duncan, Hannu Jarvenpaa; Ray Newfeld and Brad Jones. Playing for Moncton will be goaltenders Tom Draper and Bob Essensa; defencemen Todd Flichel, Matt Hervey, Sean Clement, .Jamie Husgen, Paul Boutilier and Matt Cote; and forwards Craig Endean, Guy Larose, Peter Douris, Stu Kulak, Randy Gilhen, Brent Hughes, Scott Schneider, Neil Meadmore, Steven Fletcher, Ron Wilson, Mike Warus and Ryan Stewart. When the AHL Moncton Hawks camp opens at the Coliseum Monday morning, six additional players will join the cast of hopefuls. Attending from the University of Moncton Blue Eagles will be leftwinger-centre Eric Galarneau, rightwinger Daniel Larin and defenceman Patrick Black, all from Laval, Que. All three are 20 years old and freshmen at U of M. Blue Eagles coach Len Doucet said Hawks coach-general manager Rick Bowness is eager to look at all three. "For them it's a look-see at the
