# The Abbotsford News — 1988-07-20 — p.11

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1988-07-20
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536556069/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 536556069

## Paragraphs

Try as hard as he could, Abbotsford Falcons owner Byron Hitchens what could be a couldn't ignore the numbers - more specifically, the drastic lack of them. be done, this was This past Thursday (July 14) Hitchens announced that he had sold two- Judging from thirds interest in the team, one third to former Richmond Sockeyes owner to be done. The Bruce Taylor and the other third to Cloverdale's Kurt Bonnes. ment last season, On the heels of that : announcement came a second, more jarring an- "I don't fault nouncement for local hockey fans. The new owners have moved the B.C. Junior draw them in." Hockey League franchise to New Westminister, where it will begin play in the Hitchens said 1988-89 season out of Queen's Park Arena. around the league. Monday, Hitchens said he has mixed feelings about the developments. On far as Abbotsford the one hand, "I'm happy to have a couple of fellows on board that have hockey tres, Bellingham experience, knowledge and enthusiasm. Both are financially secure and it's Hitchens said nice to have that. terests in the club "But I'm sad on one thing. Just as we're getting close and appear to pertise and financial becoming competitive, we have to move the team. Off-ice wanted to be strong He also admitted because on-ice it looks like we've built it Into a contender." for the past two Hitchens isn't blowing smoke in anyone's face when he says, "Crowds (in "Sure, I've lost Abbotsford's MSA Arena) had dwindled to the point where I had to make some decisions." it but that's something When the New Westminister Bruins, moved their Western Hockey League The team will franchise to Kenewick, Wash. in June, the deal was struck. It is the fourth "From a business point of view, it makes excellent sense," pointed out Hit- moved to Powell chens. "If we could draw 1,000 fans instead of 100, we had to move to get into merland Buckaroos
