# Telegraph-Journal — 1988-09-16 — p.62

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1988-09-16
**Page:** 62
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1111412303/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1111412303

## Paragraphs

• MONCTON - When someone mentions the Edmonton Oilers, you think of Wayne Gretzky. When someone mentions the Pittsburgh Penguins, you think of Mario Lemieux. And when someone mentions the Winnipeg Jets, the name of Dale Hawerchuk comes to mind. Hawerchuk, 25, and the Jets are in town this week for their National Hockey League training camp. Heading into his eighth season as a one of the league's few bona1 fide superstars, Hawerchuk will have to adjust to a major trade : that was made during the summer involving his long-time linemate : Paul MacLean. MacLean was traded to the De*troit Red Wings for Brent Ashton-

Moncton gets sneak preview : of 1988-89 Hawks tonight And at this stage of the game, that's good news for the players. "The tempo is very, very, high and it's a very spirited level of play," said the former hard-nosed NHLer. Tonight, the Jets will play their first pre-season exhibition game against their American Hockey

Winnipeg Jets training camp at Moncton

dy Gilhen. He started at the International league level and worked his way up to the American League and now is trying to take it one step further. *He's a tremendous worker with good leadership qualities and he's a great team player." Turcotte is in a battle for the Jets' fourth line center job. "Alfie's had a strong camp," the coach said. "He was a highly-touted player out of junior and drafted highly by the Montreal Canadiens but was sort of lost in the shuffle." Mike Warus had an unusual season last year when he came to camp and retired but returned midway through the campaign and finished strong. "He's probably the most improved player I've seen in camp," Maloney said. "He had a very difficult time last year. He left and did what he had to do and we left the door wide open for him. When he came back he tried to do everything, every second and every shift. It was like he was on a mission.

STORIES BY PETER McGUIRE Staff Writer MONCTON - Winnipeg Jets' coach Dan Maloney has been impressed with what he's seen at this week's National Hockey League training camp : at the Moncton Coliseum.

"His approach, guts and battle goes a long way to having him be a very good hockey player." Kulak, who was aquired from the Fredericton Express last season, has made it known he's ready to step back into the bigs. "He has much more fire and spark in this camp than I've seen in a long time," Maloney added. "He wants back at the National Hockey League level." Big names in uniform for the Jets tonight will be team captain Dale Hawerchuk, Randy Carlyle, Brent Ashton, Gilles Hamel while regulars who will have the night off are Mario Marois, Dave Ellett, Laurie Boschman, Jim Kyte, Doug Smail, Thomas Steen and Mark Kumpel. Dressed in Moncton uniforms will be most of last year's regulars including Gilhen, Paul Boutilier, Warus, Kulak, Matt Hervey and Todd Flichel as well as two newly aquired tough guys Neil Meadmore and Steve Fletcher.

OUT OF BREATH - Winnipeg Jets captain Dale Hawerchuk takes a quick breather during a drill at the team's National Hockey League training camp at Moncton on Thursday.

The Moncton Coliseum has had a number of visitors this week. ...And the enthusiam they've shown makes Larry Haley extremely enthusiastic. "We're getting great turnouts to watch" the training camp of the Winnipeg Jets, says Haley, the director of operations for the Moncton Hawks, Winnipeg's No. 1 minor-pro team in the American Hockey League. "People are enthusiastic," says Haley, who adds that some of that enthusiasm is translating into season-ticket holders for the AHL team. The Hawks have sold more than 1,000 season tickets, an extremely high number considering the Coliseum has more than 6,500 available seats and that fans can walk in off the street any game night and be assured of a scat. Halcy believes that because Winnipeg chose Moncton for its training camp, the media hype

Dale Ha Hawerchuk uk - Jets' superstar will miss MacLean

MONCTON - Laurie Boschman led the Winnipeg Jets with over In 1980, while playing with the Toronto Maple Leafs, Boschman

200 minutes in penalties last season and that would lead one to believe that the Major, Sask., native don't mind the rough-going. On the ice with the National Hockey League's Winnipeg Jets, he wouldn't quite be described as an angel, but off the ice, angelic might be a decription one might use.

league. "It'll strengthen L.A. but Edmonton is still going to be a good hockey hockey team. Obviously L.A. is going to be a tougher opposition now than they have in the past." When it was suggested that the Jets and lowly Vancouver Canucks might now be battling for the fourth and final playoff position in the Smythe Division, the crafty center calmly replied, "'You can say anything you want but you've still go to go out on the ice and do it." When Hawerchuk isn't thinking about the Jets, he might be excused if his thoughts wonder down to Cornwall, Ont., where as a junior with the Royals, he was a major driving force in bringing

* - WEARING TWO HATS - Laurie Boschman of the :Winnipeg Jets likes the rough-going on the ice, but when 'the skates come off, Boschman relaxes the way he knows best. reading the bible
