# The Record — 1988-09-21 — p.51

**Publication:** The Record
**Date:** 1988-09-21
**Page:** 51
**Location:** Hackensack, New Jersey
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/496464266/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 496464266

## Paragraphs

should call athletic director Pete Natale at 794-5457 for details. ST. PETER'S PREP has an opening for an assistant basketball coach. Contact Dave Settembre at 547-6387 for further information. SECAUCUS High School is seeking assistant coaches for freshman football and boys basketball. Qualified peopie should contact athletic director Tom Giorgid/ ext. 254.

LYNDHURST High School has openings for the following coaching positions: head boys basketball, two assistant boys basketball, head girls basketball, assistant girls basketball, head wrestling, and assistant wrestling. Interested coaches should contact athletic director Frank Servideo in writ-ing at Lyndhurst High School. FAIR LAWN High School needs an assistant wrestling coach; Applicants

silver salmon one morning, landing and releasing 14 of them. Then there was the side trip to Katmai National Park, where we saw bears fishing and where we waded and fished the Brooks River. The Brooks was loaded with bright red, greenheaded spawning sockeyes, which are great fighters when hooked). We also fished for huge rainbow trout (the biggest taken by our group was more than 23 inches). Sarp, an experienced bush pilot, angler, and guide, opened his lodge in 1980. He employs 15 experienced guides and a staff of 30.

I especially enjoyed the Main Lodge, where we gathered each night to compare our fishing experiences and to tie flies at the fully equipped and supplied fly-tying bench. The Katmai Lodge season begins in June, when anglers fish for trophy rainbow and grayling. The king salmon show up the last week of June, as do the sockeye and chum. Silvers arrive the first week in August and can be caught through the end of September. Casting and spinning tackle are used by many guests, but the guides are all experienced fly fishers, and many guests who aren't acquainted with fly fishing are introduced to it at the lodge. Sarp told us that he can teach these rookies to catch a salmon on a self-tied
