# The Province — 1988-01-22 — p.76

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1988-01-22
**Page:** 76
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/501887994/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 501887994

## Paragraphs

SPORTS SHORTS Medals arrive News Services CALGARY - The Olympic medals, among the most coveted prizes in sport, have arrived in the city that will soon welcome the world to the 15th Olympic Winter Games. The shiny medals arrived under tight security yesterday from Winnipeg, where they were manufactured by Jostens Canada Ltd. Four different types of medals have been produced, at a total value of about $700,000. Stamps hire McCartney CALGARY Max McCartney, a 29-year coaching veteran who scouted last season for the NFL's San Diego Chargers, has been named defensive line coach by the Calgary Stampeders. In 1977 he was a defensive line and linebackers coach with the B.C. Lions. Rugby resumes McKechnie Cup rep rugby action resumes tomorrow at UBC with Vancouver meeting Vancouver Island at 1. p.m. and UBC hosting Fraser Valley at 2:30 p.m. in senior matches at Thunderbird Stadium. The under-23 Dunbar Cup matches go at 1 p.m. at UBC's Wolfson Field, with the under-19 Japan Cup clashes at 11:30 a.m. at Wolfson. NASCAR 'sexist' CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Speaking out because she said she had nothing to lose, Janet Guthrie - the only woman to race in the Indianapolis 500 and Daytona 500 - has called NASCAR Winston Cup racing a sexist and racist sport. "What we're talking about is systematically denying opportunities to blacks and women, which in this country, unlike South Africa for blacks for Saudia Arabia for women, is thought unacceptable,' Guthrie said during a panel discussion by women drivers on the Charlotte Motor Speedway media tour. Free hockey Richmond Sockeyes are offering hockey fans a red hot deal tomorrow at 8 p.m. The Sockeyes, defending Centennial Cup champions, will mark the arrival of the Olympic torch in the Greater Vancouver area tomorrow by waiving the admission fee to their game that evening with the Penticton Knights at Richmond Arena. Lakusta to fight ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. - Canadian heavyweight Ken Lakusta will battle former world champion Michael (Dynamite) Dokes - in a scheduled 10-round bout on the undercard of the Mike Tyson-Larry Holmes title fight. Davey Hilton Jr. of Montreal is also slated to appear in a 10-round middleweight bout. Soviets win PETERBOROUGH - The Canadian national women's basketball team suffered its third straight exhibition loss to the Soviet Union E yesterday, dropping a 66-52 decision at Trent University.
