# The Times-Transcript — 1988-01-11 — p.7

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-01-11
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107130621/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107130621

## Paragraphs

WINNIPEG (CP) - Dale Hawerchuk was the hero, but paid homage to three farmhands recalled from the minors last week for making the Winnipeg Jets' 4-3 NHL victory over the Toronto Maple Leafs possible Sunday. «if it wasn't for those guys we might not have got the two points tonight," said the Jet captain, who scored on a breakaway with just 22 seconds left in the Winnipeg third period winless to snap streak. 3-3 tie and end a five game "Maybe we're just getting a little stagnate with the guys here. When new blood comes in, the guys are hungry. They played fantastic and put : a little charge in everyone.' In a bid to shake up his failing and lethargic team, Winnipeg general manager John Ferguson called up centre Randy Gilhen, right winger Peter Douris and goaltender Steve Penney from the Jets' American Hockey League farm team in Moncton Thursday. Gilhen, the former Winnipeg resident who grew up watching the Jets, scored his first NHL goal and notched an assist Sunday. Douris, Gilhen's linemate in Moncton, drew two assists. Penney, making his first NHL appearence since Feb. 24, 1987, looked sharp in making 2 23 saves and recording only his second victory as a Jet. "Peter and I have played together for two years in the minors," said Gilhen, who had 21 goals and 27 assists in Moncton. "I know what he's going to do all the time. It's relaxing to › go back to the bench and talk to a guy who you played with and know what you're doing.' hardRounding out the 1-Douris line was was nosed grinder Steve Rooney, more often an observer than a participant. But the Boston native showed a before unseen flash of stickhandling as he scored once and drew an assist. "We were really communicating with each other a lot," Rooney, speaking in his New England accent, said about his new linemates. "It seemed like we had a lot of room. We had the puck and that extra time to make a move or take a shot." Red Wings 7 Penquins 5 Penguins have both been riding streaks in recent Meanwhile, Mario Lemieux and the Pittsburgh weeks but one doesn't seem to have helped the other. While Lemieux has been on a scoring rampage, his Penguins have suffered through an eight game (0-5- 3) winless streak. The latest chapter in Pittsburgh's sad story was four a 7-5 loss in Detroit on Sunday. Lemieux scored goals "That's been the story of the Penguins for the last but it wasn't enough. three weeks," said the Pittsbugh centre, who injured now has 40 goals on the season and 86 points to tie Edmonton centre Wayne Gretzky in the scoring race. Lemieux has collected 11 points in the past four but Pittsburgh has posted an 0-3-1 mark during games, that span and has not won since Dec. 26.

NHL roundup Former Hawks help Jets end me losing streak

Thibaudeau, the AHL's leading scorer added came to at his the season 1:15 point mark total by popping in his 29th and 30th. over His first the goal line. He notched as he pushed 30 at a 9:47 as he. snapped in a shot between the legs of Guy Rouleau shot number Rob sprawling Bryden Hawks also netted two goals for the Canadiens in the second goalie Pokey Reddick. frame: His 15th of the year came at. 16:42 on a pass play from Mike Keane Gilchrist and stole the puck at centre and broke in with Bryden on a Brent Gilchrist. two-on-one. Gilchrist slipped was: it over to Fredericton Bryden 5, Rochester 1; Maine 1. who made no mistake. In Moncton Saturday 0; Binghamton games, it 4, Newmarket 2; Springfield 4, Sherbrooke 1; In other Adirondack games 7, Sunday, it was: Nova Scotia Oilers* 6, Rochester Hershey 3; and Baltimore 5, Utica 3. Americans 3; Baltimore Skipjacks 6, Newmarket Saints 3; and Springfield Meantime, Indians Winnipeg 4, Jets traded seven NHL veteran Jim New Haven Nighthawks 4. Nill, who had been playing for the Hawks during who the will road report trip, to to Detroit Red Kumpel, Wings for 26, was selected in the fourth round of the 1980 right winger Mark Kumpel, draft Winnipeg. by the Quebec Nordiques. The graduate of Lowell University was Kumpel a has recorded 19 goals and 30 assists in 147 games. He's also member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic team. In 3½ NHL seasons : served 63 minutes in penalties.

Moncton r managed only two even-strength goals (both by veteran defenceman Paul Boutilier) during the entire trip. In Portland, Me, the goaltending of Bill Ranford and a second- to period goal by Kraig Nienhuis was all the Maine Mariners needed beat the Hawks 1-0 Saturday. The goal carne at 8:55 of the middle period when Dave Pasin raced to keep the puck in the zone then slipped a pass to Nienhuis, who rifled Ranford a shot stopped past 25 shots for the Mariners, who extended their Hawks' goalie Pokey Reddick. winning streak to seven games, tying a club record set in down 1980-81. by Reddick, who played his first AHL game after being as sent well. the In Winnipeg Sherbrooke Jets, Suunday, Gilles Thibaudeau and Rob Bryden scored turned in a strong performance two The goals game each started to out slowly as both teams were playing their the Canadiens to a 4-1 win. third game as many nights. But the Canadiens came out flying in the second period scoring all four of their goals. Schneider re directed a Matt Hervey slapshot from the point at 5:27 The first period saw only one goal scored, as Moncton's Scott to beat Sherbrooke netminder Vincent Reindeau. Guy Larose picked up the Action was chippy in the first period as 13 penalties were called. other assist on the power play goal. The play opened up in the s second period as the Canadiens scored four goals, including two on power plays.

: :: * CP Laserphoto Leafs winger Al Secord steps in front of lain Duncan of the Winnipeg Jets. 4-3 Duncan victory Sunday was one of four former Moncton Hawks in the Winnipeg lineup during the Jets
