# The Bay City Times — 1988-03-08 — p.25

**Publication:** The Bay City Times
**Date:** 1988-03-08
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Bay City, Michigan
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1185414881/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1185414881

## Paragraphs

SAGINAW - Even though it may seem as though Mike Stapleton was destined to become a professional hockey player, the Saginaw Hawks' center says it's not true. Stapleton grew up in a hockey atmosphere because his father, Pat Stapleton, played 15 years in the NHL and World Hockey Association. "But we've never been what you would call a real hockey family, though," said Mike. "We all tried not to bring the game home with us. f "My father never pushed me (to be a hockey player). I could have just as casily been an airplane pilot. He's always been there for us kids." Stapleton has two hockeyplaying brothers and three sisters. His older brother, Tom, 24,; is playing in Sweden. A younger brother, Chris, lives on the family's farm outside of London, Ontario. "Chris is a great little kid," said Mike. "Not so little really. He almost towers over me right now and he just turned 14. "He's a goaltender and he's going to be a good one. And why not? His godparent is Tony Esposito.". Mike, a 5-foot-10, 183-pounder, takes after his father, who was a very successful defenseman despite standing just 5-foot-8 and weighing 185. Pat Stapleton had a dickens of a time convincing the NHL that he was, indeed, big enough to play the game. Pat, who was born on July 4, 1940, broke in with Boston in 1961. After two seasons with the Bruins he was traded to Toronto with Orland Kurtenbach and Andy Hebenton for Ron Stewart on June 8, 1965. The Maple Leafs failed to protect him in the NHL waiver draft the next day and he was snapped up by the Chicago Blackhawks. Stapleton went on to become one of the greatest defensemen in Blackhawks' history. Three times a second team NHL AllStar defenseman, Stapleton was selected as a member of the Blackhawks' alltime team in "Chicago Blackhawks: A 60- year History," by author Gerald L. Pfeiffer. His six assists on March 30, 1969 against the Red Wings is still a NHL record for most assists by a defenseman in a single game.
