# The Province — 1988-03-31 — p.94

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1988-03-31
**Page:** 94
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502141022/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 502141022

## Paragraphs

YET ANOTHER RUMOR has a HOCKEY Park junior if A the team Bruins moving leave. to Queen's NOTEBOOK Richmond Sockeyes owner Bruce Taylor refused comment on that particular bit of news. team is already history. RICK KOZUBACK ENJOYED a More than 3,000 people in Kenlot of success coaching in Penticnewick who have bought season tickets must believe they're ton with the B.C. Junior Hockey Brent get- League's Knights. ting a team. Stebbings He's enjoying similar success may not have done much of a job at the University of Wisconselling the Bruins to the public sin/River Falls, where his Falcons because he's doing won the National Collegiate Athbut that's that job south of the border. letic Association Division 3 chamThe big roadblock might be pionship against Elmira College of finishing the arena, a multi-pur- New York. pose facility that would seat just Vanderhoof's Aaron Scott was under 6,000 for hockey. named player of the year, potting Dixon says the arena is six 80 points as the Falcons compiled weeks to two months behind a 34-6-1 record. Mike O'Hara of schedule but the office building North Vancouver and Victoria's that's going up with it is on Gordie Hahn were both all-conschedule. ference in the Northern Collegiate If the Bruins do move, major Hockey Association. junior hockey might not be gone Trail's Mark Verigin is the long. other B.C. player on the Falcons' "We're going to do everything roster but he and the others will we can to get somebody else in probably get some West Coast this area," says Victoria Cougars company after Kozuback conowner Fraser McColl. cludes his recruiting.
