# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-03-10 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-03-10
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325960646/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325960646

## Paragraphs

Lakers oust Penticton By The Canadian Press Vernon Lakers advanced to the finals of the B.C. Junior r Hockey League playoffs with a 5-4 win over the home-ice Penticton Knights on Wednesday: The victory gave the Lakers a 4-0 sweep of the best-of-seven semifinal series. Vernon will face the winner of the other semi-final series between the Richmond Sockeyes and Delta Flyers. Richmond took a 2-0 lead in that series Wednesday. The Lakers jumped into a commanding lead with three goals in a space of two minutes, 19 seconds in the second period, ending the period ahead 5-0. The Knights came back with four straight goals in the final period, including one at 19:15 after pulling their goaltender, but couldn't get the equalizer. Greg Parnell scored twice for Vernon, with singles from Ian Alger, Duane Dennis and Mike Paller. Penticton got goals from Platzer, Cliff Furnseth, Shayne Green and Lance Momotani. Vernon outshot Pentiction 39-29. SOCKEYES 12 FLYERS4 Richmond blasted visiting Delta to take a 2-0 game lead in their best-of-seven semi-final. The teams also ran up 450 minutes in penalties, including 99 minutes handed out after a major fight in the second * period. Barry Kress and Marty Comeau each scored three times for Richmond. The Sockeyes got other goals from Jason Talo, Rob Clarke, Kirk Phare, Dan Walton, Garth Lamb and Tony Bobbitt. Delta's goals were scored by Brian Bethard, Ray Savard, Jim Kambeitz and Darren Schwartz. Richmond outshot Delta 55-24. The two teams meet again Friday and Saturday night in Delta.
