# Surrey Leader — 1988-03-13 — p.23

**Publication:** Surrey Leader
**Date:** 1988-03-13
**Page:** 23
**Location:** Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/328062538/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 328062538

## Paragraphs

An all-too-familiar sight Wednesday night was the Richmond Sockeye's scoring, which they did a dozen times en route to a 12-4 thrashing of the Delta Flyers. Sockeyes led the Coastal divi-

Rick Hopper should never say "never.' The general manager and coach of the Delta Flyers suited up Ray Savard - who vehemently refused to play for the Flyers earlier in the season for Wednesday's game against the Sockeyes in Richmond. Savard was ruled by league brass as *illegal' at the end of the regular season for playing with Chilliwack Eagles while Delta held his rights. And according to an earlier statement from Hopper, Savard was quite "up front" about where he'd rather play when the Flyers' coach paid him a visit prior to the league's decision. Savard gave

by Larry Pruner Delta Flyers lost control, the Richmond Sockeyes didn't and referee Tom Hansen never had it. The Flyers were hammered 12-4 by the fishmen Wednesday night in Richmond but also did some hammering of their in a second-period brawl which was responsible for a large junk of game's 450 penalty minutes. But the important figure was the score, which Delta lost and fell behind 2-0 in the best-of-seven Coastal division playoff series. The Flyers were hit for a string of 'questionable' penalties in the first period, which cost them three powerplay goals and put them behind 5-0 after 20 minutes. In fact, the Flyers didn't get a man advantage until 3:14 of the second period. At one time, Delta had nine players in the penalty box, an unofficial B.C. Junior Hockey League record. The one-sided penalty calls continued through the second frame, with Richmond adding another marker on the powerplay to increase their lead to 7-0. The fireworks were sparked in the third period, when the frustrated Flyers took on the Sockeyes in a donnybrook, which spread among the fans behind Delta's bench. First, Sockeyes' Garth Lamb and Delta's Doug Lawrence engaged in fisticuffs at 11:52 of the second. Frustrated with the
