# The Province — 1988-01-27 — p.56

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1988-01-27
**Page:** 56
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/501891010/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 501891010

## Paragraphs

with Stewart JUNIOR HOCKEY NOTEBOOK By FRANK LUBA Sports Reporter LAST SEASON, GOALIE Jamie Stewart helped Richmond Sockeyes win a Centennial Cup. This season, he's part of the Michigan State Spartans' surprising success. Michigan, U.S. college champion in 1986 and runner-up in 1987, was not expected to challenge this season. But the Spartans have been ranked as high as No. 5 and Stewart, from Abbotsford, is one of six Canadians leading the squad. Michigan has a total of 13 Canadians on its roster, including Kerry Russell of Kamloops. IT'S NOT ALL sweetness and light when it comes to U.S. schools, however. One of the B.C. Junior Hockey League's big attractions is the number of its players that get U.S. scholarships. Not appreciated, though, is when an American school plucks a player from the BCJHL in mid-season, as the University of North Dakota did at Christmas with all-star goalie Chris Dickson of the Delta Flyers. After a. strong start, the Flyers have been struggling and Dickson's •departure didn't help. The Flyers have lost more than just Dickson, however. Delta g.m. Rick Hopper, who sat out last night's game between the Flyers and Chilliwack Eagles as part of a three-game suspension for an incident last weekend, signed Port Alberni product Ray Savard to a player card in December. The Eagles also signed Savard, but later, and the two teams are currently wrangling over the rights to the former Western Hockey League player. However, the. B.C. Amateur Hockey Association has initially ruled in favor of Delta. CURRENTLY IN GOAL for the Coastal Division-leading Flyers are former Ontario Hockey League player Brian Tessler and Randy Beekhuizen, who was acquired from Merritt for Steve Chelios. Chelios, who had played : a ew games for the New Westminster Bruins, is the brother of the Montreal Canadiens' Chris Chelios. Steve Chelios wound up leaving Merritt, going to an Ottawa area junior A squad and then moving up to the Ottawa 67s of the OHL.
