# The Houston Post — 1988-12-27 — p.20

**Publication:** The Houston Post
**Date:** 1988-12-27
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Houston, Texas
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1203877038/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1203877038

## Paragraphs

starters must be replaced, as well as receivers James Dixon and Jason Phillips, offensive linemen Moser, Paul Hearn and William Gant, defensive linemen Glenn Montgomery and Keith Jenkins and defensive backs Jackson and Norwood. Houston must battle the cloud of probation. The NCAA's three-year sentence includes no bowls for two seasons, no live television for one and a loss of 10 scholarships. There may be a trip to Japan to entice recruits. Athletic Director Rudy Davalos met with Japan Bowl officials Saturday and discussed moving Houston's 1990 home game with Arkansas to Tokyo. Pardee would like to lure receivers, offensive linemen and defensive backs from the junior colleges. "When we get back, that's our first priority," he said. Only 15 scholarships are available for freshmen and they must be treated like gold. Pardee believed the exposure of playing - and beating Wyoming on ESPN proved invaluable. The Aloha Bowl on ABC, even in defeat, helped more. Now Pardee and his staff must round up freshmen capable of putting Houston back in a bowl after the Cougars have been pardoned from the NCAA's prison.

TRANSACTIONS BASEBALL New York Mets - Signed Kevin McReynolds, outfielder, to a three-year contract. BASKETBALL Mlami Heat - Released Anthony Taylor, guard. New Jersey Nets Activated Walter Berry, forward, and placed Ron Cavenall, center, on waivers. HOCKEY Chicago Blackhawks - Traded Rick Vaive, right wing, to the Buffalo Sabres for Adam Creighton, center. Hartford Whalers- - Sent Al Tuer, defenseman, to Binghamton of the American Hockey League. Los Angeles Kings - • Recalled Bob Logan, left wing, Dave Pasin, right wing, and Sylvain Couturier, center, from New Haven of the American Hockey League. New York Rangers - Traded Brian Lawton, center, Don Maloney, left wing, and Norm Maciver, defenseman, to the Haftford Whalers for Carey Wilson, center, and a 1990 fifth-round draft choice. COLLEGE interim head California-Santa football Barbara - Named Rick Candaele coach. Texas A & M - Named Bob Davie, Kirk Doll, Bob Boyd, Jim Helms, Paul Register and Ron Turner assistant football coaches and Allen Kinley interim head strength and coordinating coach.

UH'S 1988 MILESTONES 0] Receivers Jason Phillips (108) and James teammates to Dixon (102) became the first catch 100 passes each in NCAA history. • Phillips (1,444 yards) and Dixon (1,103) became the reach 1,000 yards receiving each in NCAA history. first teammates to • Houston set NCAA record for most passes attempted per game, 52.7. • Houston set NCAA record for most passes completed per game, 31.3. • Andre Ware set Southwest Conference records 39 vs. Rice; most for completions in a game, yards passing in a game, 471 vs. Rice; and most touchdown passes in a season, 25. • Phillips set SWC records for receptions in a game, 16 most receptions vs. Louisiana Tech; 15; in a season, 108; most touchdown receptions in a season, most career receptions, 207; most yards receiving in a season, 1,444; most touchdown recpetions in a game, 4 vs. Texas. • Roman Anderson set SWC record for points by a kicker in a season, 108. • Johnny Jackson set a SWC record for career yards on returns, 325. interception • Houston set SWC records for total offense points in a season, 5,331 yards; in a season, 452; touchdowns in a season, 38; touchdown passes In a game, 7 vs. Texas; most passes completed in a game, 46 vs. Louisiana Tech; most passes completed in a season, 344; most passes attempted in a season, 580; most yards passing in a season, 4, 153; most passing in a game, 549 vs. Louisiana Tech; most penalties in a season, Louisiana 113 Tech. for 973 yards; most fumbles recovered in a game, 7 vs.

TODAY'S TV AND RADIO TELEVISION Basketball - Houston Rockets at Miami Heat (Ch. 20) 7 p.m. also on (TBS) .. 7:05 p.m. Boxing — Top Rank Boxing: Mike DeVito vs. Bobby Czyz, light heavyweights (ESPN) 8 p.m.. Hockey - New York Rangers at New Jersey Devils (HSE) .... 6:30 p.m. Other sports - National Championship Triathlon (HSE) 9:30 p.m. (TD): RADIO Basketball - Houston Rockets at Miami Heat (KTRH-AM 740) 6:50 p.m. University of Houston vs. Georgia Tech (KNUZ-AM 1230) .... 8:05 p.m. Sports talk - Sportstalk (KPRC-AM 950) 3:08 p.m. Talk'n Sports (KSEV-AM 700) 4 p.m. Sportsmouth (KILT-AM 610) 4 p.m. Sports Rap (KCOH-AM 1430) 5 p.m. Sportsbeat (KTRH-AM 740) 6:10 p.m.
