# The Vancouver Sun — 1988-01-11 — p.17

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1988-01-11
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495388948/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 495388948

## Paragraphs

Elaine Tanner at a B.C.-Oregon meet. But the water is ice cold and Tanner lasts only seconds in the pool. The society takes a bath on the promotional stunt. In 1968, the Achilles has its own indoor track built by Ron Davies. But the Coliseum staff don't remove the hockey ice and the track is laid over a rotting underfloor, leaving it bumpy and wavy for the 4th Annual Indoor Games. • In 1969, Bob Beamon, Olympic long jump champion and ace drawing card for the meet, is injured one day before the meet and has to withdraw. At the same meet.

"We've had quite a few performances like that," shrugged Van Horlick, the Bruins' rookie coach. "I thought he was bad for both teams. It was obvious he was going to play a part in the game." New Westminster dropped a 4-3 decision last night after beating the Cougars 6-4 in Victoria on Saturday. The split kept the Bruins seven points behind second-place Victoria in the Western Division. The margin might be smaller today had Loraas not fingered Bruin Greg Spenrath for roughing just as teammate Mike Hawes drilled home a power play goal at 11:15 of the third period, tying the game 3-3. Two minutes later, Victoria's Jason Phillips scored shorthanded to increase the Cougar margin to 4-2 and a late Bruin rally couldn't make yp the lost ground. "Spenrath and their player (Gary Moscaluk) came together, Spenrath pushed away and he called it," said Van Horlick. "'It was very untimely." the The net as puck was Loraas already blew his on its whistle way to cancel the goal.

Although he has 2,512 committed season tickets holders for his rink under construction in Kennewick, Wash., New Westminster Bruins' owner Ron Dixon still maintains he has not decided to move his Western Hockey League team. "One thing I've learned in business is never make a decision until you have to," Dixon said Sunday night. The Bruins' owner is building a 6,000-seat facility as part of a major development in the southeastern Washington area, also known as Tri-Cities. (Richland

New Westminster Bruins at least a point in their key Western Hockey League contest against Victoria Cougars Sunday night.
