# The Bismarck Tribune — 1988-01-29 — p.12

**Publication:** The Bismarck Tribune
**Date:** 1988-01-29
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Bismarck, North Dakota
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/346042253/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 346042253

## Paragraphs

Prep basketball: Double-header at Civic Center Minot vs. CHS, 7 p.m., Dickinson vs. BHS, 8:45; St. Mary's at Williston, 7:30; Mandan Shiloh at Tappen, 7:30. Prep hockey: Devils Lake at BHS, 7:30 p.m. Giris volleyball: CHS at Minot, 7:30 p.m.; Bottineau at BHS, 7:30. Prep wrestling: BHS at Williston, 5:30 p.m. Saturday Prep baskefball: Dickinson at Mandan, 7:30 p.m.: BHS af Williston, 7:30; CHS at Dickinson Trinity, 7:30 MST. Prep hockey: Devils Lake at CHS, 3 p.m.; Minot at BHS, 7:30. Girls volleyball: BHS at Williston, 2:30 p.m. Boys swimming: Mandan, CHS, BHS at Minot Invitational, 11 a.m. Giris gymanstics: BHS, CHS at West Fargo, 11. a.m. Prep wrestling: St. Mary's and Mandan at Fargo tournament. College baskefball: Double-header at Armory Miles City vs BSC, women 5:30 p.m., men 7:30. College wrestling: Valley City at p.m.: u Mary, Valley City BSC, 4.

Feb. 18, 1983, when the franchise was located in Kansas City. Dickinson State 67, National College The Lakers rolled to a 36-14 lead with 1:34 left in the 57: Mike Calhoun tore up the inside as Dickinson first quarter and led throughout. Otis Thorpe led State scored a college basketball win over visiting Sacramento with 23 points. National College or Rapid City, S.D., Thursday. Calhoun scored 25 points and 1 Jundt 17 as Dickinson improved to 10-8 on the year. COLLEGE BASKETBALL National National stands 19-6. Dickinson . 26 39 3=% Wake Forest 83, N. Carolina 80: David 20. Dave National: Kuper 3-9 Terry 0-16. Jones 4-14 1-1 12. Kevin Watson 7-14 1-1 17. Ed Martin 9-19 2-3 led a second-half comeback that was capped Totals: 23-63 5-10 57. Carlyle by Sam Ivy's two free throws with three seconds 8. Paul Dickinson: Jundt 6-12 Scot 5-8 17. Garrick Jim 3-9 2-2 Grosulak 11. 0-1 Mike 6-66. Calhoun 12-14 1-2 25. Scott Molander 2-7 4-6 remaining as Wake Forest upset third-ranked North Totals: 23-50 18-24 67. Carolina. Total fouls: National 19, Dickinson Fouled out: Martin, Kuper. Three-point goals: Jones 3, Watson, Garrick 3. Rebounds: National 40 (Martin 10), Dickinson 33 Trailing by as many as 14 points early in the second (Jundt8). Records: Turnovers: National 19-6, National Dickinson Dickinson 10-8 15. half, Wake Forest used a 3-point-shot barrage to cut a 54-43 deficit to 56-52 with 13:35 remaining. Carlyle hit the first two 3-pointers and Cal Boyd capped the spree NHL HOCKEY with two more. Boyd added another 3-point basket with 9:59 left to bring the L Demon Deacons within 64-61. Blues 9, North Stars 1: Doug Gilmour 12-2 run covering more than three minutes gave registered the second three-goal performance of his Wake Forest a 73-71 edge. Ralph Kitley capped career and added an assist, leading St. Louis to a NHL the rally with two free throws with 4:04 left. victory over the Minnesota North Stars that stretched Ranzino Smith hit a 3-point basket to tie the score at the Blues' winning streak to four games. 77 with 2:22 left, but Wake Forest responded with two Six additional I players scored for St. which Louis, free throws by Carlyle and a short jumper by Todd moved into sole possession of second place in the NHL Sanders. Norris Division standings with the victory. Brian Jeff Lebo hit a 3-pointer with 50 seconds left to bring Benning had three assists for the Blues, who outshot North Carolina within 81-80 and Rick Fox blocked Ivy's Minnesota by 37-21. shot from the baseline with 25 seconds left. But the Tar Heels failed to capitalize when Pete Chilcutt was Rangers 5, Flyers 2: John Vanbiesbrouck called for traveling. made 35 saves as the New York Rangers overcame a Ivy, fouled by Fox, hit both ends of a bonus to seal big deficit in shots to beat the Philadelphia Flyers in the upset. the NHL. Philadelphia goaltender Ron Hextall left the game UNLV 87, Fresno St. 71:

Transactions BASEBALL American League BOSTON RED SOX -Agreed to terms with Spike Owen, shortstop, Brady Anderson, outfielder, Pat Dodson, first base man, Dan Gabriele, pitcher, and Randy, Kutcher, infielder, CLEVELAND INDIANS-Named Paul Olden radio announcer. National League LOS ANGELES DODGERS- -Agreed to terms with Mike Marshall, outfielder, and Ken Howell, pitcher, on one-year contracts. Roger N, outright to Phoenix SAN FRANCISCO, GIANTS--Sent of the Pacific Coast League. BASKETBALL National Basketball Association PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERSPlaced Steve Johnson, center, injured reserve. HOCKEY National Hockey League MINNESOTA NORTH STARS -Announced the resignation of Lou Nanne, general manager, effective when the North Stars find a replacement.

Prep hockey Fargo Shanley 5, Grafton 1 Prep volleyball Cavalier def. Minto 15-13, 15-8, 15-4

Hockey

PLAYBACK 10 YEARS AGO (1978): Pat Pfau and Gary Pugh scored goals Friday night to lead Bottineau past Century 2-1 in high school hockey at Schaumberg Arena. John Westbee scored for Century with an assist from Darren Breiher. Mark Amsbaugh finished with 12 saves for Bottineau and Greg Christensen made 25 saves for Century. 25 YEARS AGO (1963): DICKINSON Watford City, minus ace players Mike Kennedy and Lynn Tabor, still had enough strength to polish off Campus High 57-28 here Monday. HAYNES - Rhame posted its seventh straight basketball victory here Saturday, sneaking past Haynes 51-50. Ron Timm dropped in the winning bucket just 15 seconds remaining. Charles' Pagel netted 25 for Haynes. 50 YEARS AGO (1938): STRASBURG - The Standing Rock Indian reservation school hung up its tenth victory in 14 games with a 28 to 21 triumph over Strasburg here. The Fort Yates club got off to a quick lead as its fast-breaking attack worked in well with tight defensive play. Taken Alive led the reservation school's attack with four field goals and a free throw. Schwab paced Strasburg with seven markers. SCHEDULE

mowed down everything before it in both dual and tournament competition this season, is the No. 1 team in the state high school wrestling coaches January poll. The pace-setting Patriots are followed by three other Western Dakota Association teams - Bismarck, Minot and Dickinson. Mandan stands No. 7 in the team ratings. Century has six to wrestlers in the individual rankings. Monte Trusty is the man to beat at 112 as are CHS teammates Troy Steiner at 125, Terry Steiner at 130, Mike McCormick at 140, Jon Gums at 152 and John Korwin at 189. Bismarck High's Lance Potter holds down the top spot at 145, Mandan's Neil Anderson tops the heavyweights and Russ Wald of Bismarck St. Mary's is the No. 1 pick at 171. Poll results: Teams 1. Bismarck Century. 2. Bismarck. 3. Minot. 4. Dickinson. 5. Jamestown. 6. Grand Forks Central. 7. Mandan. 8. Williston. 9. Wahpeton. 10. Fargo North. Individuals 103 pounds: 1. Shawn Berger, Dickinson. 2. Zak TeSoro, Williston. 3. Al Burgard, Jamestown. 4. Adrian Simmons, G.F. Central. 5. Mat Berogan, BHS. 6. Derik Gilbertson, Minot. 112: 1. Monte Trusty, CHS. 2. Don Penix, Minot. 3. Chad Renner, BHS. 4. Charlie Herz, Williston. 5. Jason Sjostrom, Valley City. 6. Todd Humes, Jamestown. 119: 1. Jerry Hanson, Rugby. 2. Lance Anderson, BHS. 3. Mike Birkmaiaer, G.F. Central. 4. Scott Holmgren, Jamestown. 5. Trang Doan, CHS. 6. Troy Heister, Dickinson. 125: 1. Troy Steiner, CHS. 2. Jason Kuntz, BHS. 3. Cory Gilbertson, Minot. 4. Scott Heyd, G.F. Central. 5. Scott Meske, Dickinson. 6. Monte Weiand, Mandan. 130: 1. Terry Steiner, CHS. 2. Troy Knowlton, G.F. Central. 3. Dean Schmidt, Mandan. 4. Kevin Cederstrom, BHS. 5. Shane Goodman, Minot. 6. Grant Wenker, Wahpeton. 135: 1. Scott Crissler, Belcourt. 2. Trent Gillis, CHS. 3. Jeff Welder, West Fargo. 4. Bruce Jahner, BHS. 5. Joe Kiosterman, Wahpeton. 6. Scott Schatz, Dickinson. 140: 1. Mike McCormick, CHS. 2. Rich Steidler, Bismarck St. Mary's. 3. Kirk Olson, Valley City. 4. Bill Rowell, Jamestown. 5. Darin Luther, Williston. 6. Jeff Hilzendeger, BHS. 145: 1. Lance Potter, BHS. 2. Vic Ames, G.F. Central. 3. D.J. Tschakert, Fargo South. 4. Roy Ogden, Mandan. 5. Aaron Loepp, Wahpeton. 6. Corey Swartwout, Minot. 152: 1. Jon Gums, CHS. 2. Kris Lengenfelder, BHS. 3. Steve Demers, Minot. 4. Dana Pikarski, Wahpeton. 5. Mike Derr, North. 6. Sheldon Narveson, Dickinson. 160: 1. Blair Berg, Minot. 2. Karl Lembke, CHS. 3. Kevin Henessy, Fargo Shanley. 4. Ron Glatt, BHS. 5. Shea Schatz, Dickinson. 6. Dan Ness, Devils Lake. 171: 1. Russ Wald, Bismarck St. Mary's. 2. Dan Peterson, Wahpeton. 3. Sheldon Galster, Dickinson. 4. Chuck Heiden, North. 5. Gary Houle, Belcourt. 6. Open. 189: 1. John Korwin, CHS. 2. Brad Telehey, Fargo South. 3. Jon Roaldson, Jamestown. 4. Pat Schobinger, Dickinson. 5. Jody Haug, Williston. 6. Cory Schmidt, West Fargo. Heavyweight: 1. Neil Anderson, Mandan. 2. Ted Cash, CHS. 3. Aaron Jansen, Valley City. 4. Vern Peterson, BHS. 5. Dean Rodacker, North. 6. John Reifenberger, Bismarck St. Mary's. Upcoming schedule Friday: BHS at Williston, 5:30. Dickinson at Trinity, 7:30 p.m. MST. Saturday: Fargo Invitational Tournament, Fargo North, 11 a.m.
