# Grand Forks Herald — 1988-01-03 — p.24

**Publication:** Grand Forks Herald
**Date:** 1988-01-03
**Page:** 24
**Location:** Grand Forks, North Dakota
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1128538561/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1128538561

## Paragraphs

B, Bauer (Rick Saturday's Results Butler 84, Wabash 61 over Lenny Meine 12-6; 119 Shon Kahn), 13:58.' i* W. Michigan 8, Colgate 7 (ot) Capital 73, Marietta 52 Beito, R, over Chris Stroot 13-2; 126 Second period - No scoring. • Ferris St. 6, Michigan-Dearborn 4 Cedarville 105, Dyke 74 Chad Wold, R, over Jose Gonzalez 1:33; Third period - 3. B, Kahn (Bauer), Ohio St. vs. Miami al Riverfront Invita- Chicago St. 80, E. Illinois 76 132 - Shawn Olsen, R, over Cory Reit- 4:23; 4. B, Kahn (unassisted), 6:22; 5. DL, tional, Cincinnati Cleveland St. 84, Bowling Green 70 meier 14-2; 138 Erik Myrold, C, over Bret Hetland (unassisted), 12:06; 6. DL, Today's Games Defiance 72, Malone 69. OT Dean Housker 4-3; 145 • Shawn Over- Brian Walsh (unassisted), 14:02. W. Michigan vs. Ohio St. or Miami at Evansville 91, S. Illinois 77 gaard, C, over Allan Hovda 7-3; 155 Goalie saves - Bismarck: Reed GrunRivertront Invitational, Cincinnati Fairmont St. 90, Tiffin 71 Bart Boroos, R, over Mark Amon 5:24; 167 seth, 2-5-6 - 13; Devils Lake: Sean LoMiami or Ohio St. vs. Colgate at River- Findlay 80, Rio Grande 72 Greg Rugland, R, over Eric Reitmeier vin, 4-X-X - 4, Bruce Jackson, x-3-6 9. Early goals lift Duluth over Boston College Associated Press Northern Michigan, 11-10-2 overall Terriers while Robb Stauber had 18 Sandy Smith's 14th goal of the sea- and 9-9-2 in the WCHA, also got first- for Minnesota. The Gophers outshot son triggered a three-goal first period period goals from Phil Berger and Boston 55-25. for Minnesota-Duluth, which went on Phil Brown. Dave Porter added a Minnesota upped its record to 17-4- to beat Boston College 5-1 in Western goal in the second period to put the 0 overall and 16-4-0 in the WCHA. •Collegiate Hockey Association-Hock- Wildcats up 4-1. Maine 7, Wisconsin 1 ey East action Saturday night in Du- and Colorado 1-18-1 in the College, 2-18-1 overall David Capuano scored one goal in luth. WCHA, got power- the first period and two in the final After Smith's 5:47 into the play goals from Chris Anderson in the period to lead Maine over Wisconsin game, freshmen Shawn Howard and first period and Keith Hoppe in the in Madison. Greg Andrusak also scored for the final period. Maine erupted for five goals in the Bulldogs in the first. Minnesota 5, BU 3 final period. Christian Lalonde had N. Michigan 4, CC 2 G Jay Cates, Peter Hankinson and two goals in the final period. Mike Shyiak scored the winning Ken Gernander each scored third-pe- McHugh scored once in the second Dave riod goals to lift Minnesota out of a 3- at 19:37 of the first period to lead 2 deficit to defeat Boston University Scott in the third period. and again goal Northern Colorado King over in Minneapolis. Maine. had 39 saves in goal for Mich. Wisconsin goalie Dean AnderMichigan College in Marquette, Peter Fish had 50 saves for the son had 31 saves. 2 r

Prep hockey

Hockey East W L T Pts. GF GA Northeastern .... 3 17 65 66 Maine ............... 2 16 55 35 Providence ....... 6 3 15 50 47 Lowell 7 010 0 14 54 48 Boston College 5 6 11 51 51 Boston U. ... 3 2 8 50 59 New Hampshire 2 7 5 40 53 Saturday's Results Lowell 6, North Dakota 4 Maine 7, Wisconsin 1 Minn.-Duluth 5, Boston College T Minnesota 5, Boston U. 3 New Hampshire 6, Yale 5. , Today's Games Boston College at Minnesota Boston U. at Minn. -Duluth New Hampshire at Yale Tournament Alaska-Fairbanks at Northeastern Monday's Games Maine at North Dakota

WCHA W T Pts. GA Minn. -Duluth .... 11 8 23 84 Minnesota ........ 16 4 0 32 61 Wisconsin 12 7 0 24 8889 68 Denver 10 9 2 22 99 87 Mich. Tech 10 10 21 93 102 N. Michigan ..... 9 9 2 20 81 80 North Dakota... 7 11 15 74 84 Colo. College 1 18 T 3 48 104 Note: Games between WCHA teams and Hockey East teams are considered conference games and are counted in the standings of both leagues. Records and goals do not reflect non-conterence games. Saturday's Results Lowell 6, North Dakota 4 Maine 7, Wisconsin T Minn. -Duluth 5, Boston College Minnesota 5, Boston U. 3 N. Michigan 4, Colorado College 2 Denver at U.S. International Today's Games Colorado College at N. Michigan Boston College at Minnesota Boston U. at Minn. -Duluth Michigan Tech vs. Lake Superior St. Denver at U.S. International Monday's Games Lowell at Wisconsin Maine : at North Dakota CCHA W L T Pts. GF GA Lake Superior 12 3 3 27 94 58 Michigan St. ..... 11 4 3 25 84 54 W. Michigan ..... 12 6 0 24 86 66 Michigan 9 9 18 80 83

First period - 1. ND, Steve Johnson 16 (Grant Paranica, Garry Valk) 6:20 (pp). 2. L, Craig Charron 10 (Gary Murphy) 11:00. 3. ND, Mike McCormick 2 (Shane McFarlane, David Marvin) 14:32. 4. ND, Valk 8 (Geoff Smith, Johnson) 14:52. Penalties - Tom Benson, ND, holding, 2:47; Tomi Maarni, L, holding, 6:03; Bill Dohaney, L, roughing, 16:01. Second period - 5. L. Jon Morris 5 (unassisted) 6:53. 6. ND, Johnson 17 (Scott Dub, Paranica) 9:17. Penalties - Benson, ND, roughing, 2:36; Scott Brickey, ND. roughing, 6:06; John Borrell, L, roughing, 6:06; Paranica, ND, slashing, 12:05; Morris, L, slashing, 12:05; Smith, ND, roughing, 16:49; Scott Drevitch, L, roughing, 16:49; ND, too many men on the ice (served Matt Morelli), 18:52. Third period - 7. L, Morris 6 (unassisted) 6:53. 8. L, Jeff Flaherty 10 (Morris, Drevitch) 9:35. 9. L, Flaherty 11 (Morris) 18:06. 10. L, Flaherty 12 (unassisted) 19:07 (en). Penalties - McCormick, ND, slashing, 6:26; Charron, L, slashing, 6:26. Goalie saves - Scott Brower, ND, 13-8- 15 - 36; Dave Delfino, L. 8-6-6 - 20. Three stars - 1. Morris, L. 2. Johnson, ND. 3. Flaherty, L. Referee - Charlie Henstock, Rochester, Mich. Linesmen - Buzz Olson, East Grand Forks, and Keith Markstrom, Roseau, Minn. A - 5,200.

Amateur hockey

W L Pct. GB Boston 17 9 .654 Philadelphia 12 14 .462 10 New York 10 18 .357 8 Washington 8 19 .296 9½ New Jersey ........... 5 22 .185 12½ Central Division Atlanta 20 7 .741 Detroit 18 7 .720 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 Chicago 16 12 .571 4½ Indiana 13 13 .500 6½ Cleveland .............. 13 15 .464 7½ Western Conference Midwest Division W L Pct. GB Dallas 17 8 .680 Denver .................. 18 11 .621 Houston 15 12 .556 San Antonio 13 12 .520 4 Utah 14 14 .500 4½ Sacramento 7 21 .250 11½ Pacific Division L.A. Lakers 20 6 .769 Portland 18 10 .643 Seattle 15 13 .536 Phoenix 10 16 .385 10 L.A. Clippers ........ 8 17 .320 11½ Golden State 4 20 . 167 15 Friday's Results New York 115, Los Angeles Clippers 96 Denver 124. Washington 109 Portland 127, Philadelphia 125 Saturday's Results Cleveland 120, Phoenix 107 Houston 111, Washington 100 Denver 151, Detroit 142 Chicago 116, Jersey 93 Indiana at Milwaukee, (n) Dallas at San (n) Utah at Sacramento, (n) Philadelphia at Seattle, (n) Boston at Golden State, (n) Today's Games Los Angeles Clippers at Atlanta, 6 p.m. Los Angeles Lakers at Portland, 7 p.m. Monday's Games Phoenix at Philadelphia, 6:30 p.m. Denver at Cleveland, 6:30 p.m. Dallas at Houston, 7:30 p.m. Boston at Utah, 8:30 p.m. San Antonio at Los Angeles Lakers, 9:30 p.m. College® hockey

Sioux Continued from Page 1D The Chiefs certainly did force Smith's blast from the right point 20 them. "Our breakdown in the third seconds later for a 3-1 Sioux margin period was a total team effort," Gas- after one period. parini said. "Brower deserved a bet- Morris scored his first goal of the ter fate than he got tonight. If he had game at 6:53 of the second period, had a little more help in the last peri- walking in untouched after winning a od, I would have said this was one face-off in the Sioux defensive zone. game we won because of the goal- But Johnson, who leads the nation in tending of Scotty Brower." scoring, scored his second goal of the Brower finished with 36 saves to game and his third point, knocking in just 20 for Lowell's Dave Delfino. his own rebound midway through the Lowell's turnaround in the third pethe best team I've' ever had play Valk's goal, giving Johnson his 100th riod surprised Riley a bit, too. "This is periodier, Johnson drew an assist on against North Dakota and for the first career assist, moving him into ninth two periods, that was the worst hock- place on UND's all-time career assist ey we've played against North Dako- list. ta," Riley said. "We didn't have any But disaster hit the Sioux hard in intensity at all.". the third period, dropping them to 7- But they did have Flaherty and 11-1 in the WCHA and 9-11-1 overall. Morris come up big in the third peri- Lowell, which opened the season with od to keep the winning streak alive. five straight losses, improved its The shorthanded Sioux hustled and Hockey East record to 7-5 and overall 4 scrapped for two periods in building mark to 10-6. the 4-2 lead. "They were just hungrier than we. Steve Johnson scored on a rebound were in the third period," Gasparini at 6:20 of the first period, then after said. Lowell's Craig Charron tied it five The schedule gets tougher for the minutes later, UND came back with Sioux. They face No. 1-ranked Maine two quick goals. Monday at Engelstad Arena. The First Mike McCormick popped a Blacks Bears are coming off an imrebound into the top corner at 14:32, pressive 7-1 over Wisconsin in Madithen Garry Valk tipped in Geoff son. Riders Continued . from Page 1D

Bottineau routs Eagles The Bottineau hockey team peppered East Grand Forks goalies Jim Sandbeck, John Mohowald and Mike Cobert with 64 shots to rout the Eagles 15-1 Saturday in Bottineau. "They jumped on us right away," Sacred Heart assistand Coach Greg LaDoucer said. "We just couldn't come back after being down 4-0 after the first period." Bruce Dyke scored the lone goal for the Eagles, that coming 3:13 into the third period with Sacred Heart trailing 8-0. Jason Burud led Bottineau offensively, scoring two goals and assisting on five others. "Bottineau was not as good as their 15 points showed," LaDoucer said. "We just played a real poor game. "It will be a different game when we get them on our home ice and have our three key players in the lineup." The missing players LaDoucer was referring to are Ryan Gaddie, Wade Vonsek and transfer student Joe Waskul. Gaddie and Vonasek are the Eagles first and second line left wings, while Waskul was ineligible to play in the game. Sacred Heart, 5-2, will play host to Hallock Tuesday.

Pro hockey ill
