# The Daily Astorian — 1988-12-13 — p.9

**Publication:** The Daily Astorian
**Date:** 1988-12-13
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Astoria, Oregon
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1172993910/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1172993910

## Paragraphs

COLUMBIA LEAGUE PAC Mike -COAST Kaul 22. SEAFOOD Bob Olson 16, Terry Shaw 11, Gary Salmi 11, Tom Anderson a. Jett Castrapel, Brain Solcom, Randy freeman. ASTORIA SEAFOOD (59) Butch Wikstrom 14 Hiram Cho 11. Dan Miller 11, Dale Chamberlain • Terry Hartill 7, Bryan Ross 4, Jon Hartlil 2, Rick Dahl 2. Brain Wheeler. Terry Hartili. Pac Coast Seafood . 18 10 15 25-68 Astoria Seafood ... 10 18 14 17-59 Knappa Youth 4TH GRADE BOYS Nov. 79 Choker setters 98. Loggers 94 Axemen 102, Crulsers 92 Dec. 1 Loggers 79. Cruisers 63 Axemon 107, Choker salters 89 4TH GRADE BOYS Nov. 16 Royal Chinook 108. King Salmon 48 Sockeye 66, Silver Salmon 60 Dec. 1 The Tuna 94. Silver Salmon 86 Sockeye 94. King Salmon 15 S-4TH GRADE GIRLS Dec. 1 Buckeyes 98, Hoosiers Re

LEXINGTON, Ky. (AP) - The University of Kentucky has a six-week extension from the NCAA to answer charges against the school's basketball program. Meanwhile, the university also released the full text Monday to 13 of 17 allegations of wrongdoing handed down by the NCAA In October. The charges had been released in the NCAA's letter of Supplemental Official Inquiry dated Oct. 13, but the university at that time did not release names because of possible litigation. The NCAA extended the deadline for the university's response to the allegations from Dec. 12 to Jan. 30. UK assistant coach Dwane Casey was mentloned in eight of the allegations released Monday. An earlier allegation was received by the university July 25, and it stated that Casey sent $1,000 to Claud Mills, the father of student-athlete Chris Mills.
