# St. Louis Post-Dispatch — 1988-12-25 — p.31

**Publication:** St. Louis Post-Dispatch
**Date:** 1988-12-25
**Page:** 31
**Location:** St. Louis, Missouri
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/139667767/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 139667767

## Paragraphs

Jason Phillips Houston receiver Houston teammates James Dixon and Jason Phillips are the first teammates in NCAA history to each catch 100 passes and first to each gain more than 1,000 yards in a season. Here are their records. Player Rec Yards TDS Jason Phillips 108 1,444 15 James Dixon 102 1,103 11 Totals 210 2,547 26

HONOLULU (AP) - Protection of the quarterback figures to be the key in the Aloha Bowl between Houston and Washington State, two pass-minded teams. Two of the nation's most potent offenses meet at Aloha Stadium Christmas Day. No. 18 Washington State and No. 14 Houston are ranked third and fourth, respectively, in the nation in total offense. "I believe it will be a shootout," said Washington State quarterback Timm Rosenbach, the nation's most efficient passer. "I don't think : 30 or 40 points is out of the question for both teams." Houston, 9-2, is favored by four points over Washington State, 8-3. "The defense that's successful at rushing the quarterback and not giving the quarterback time is going to win," Houston coach Jack Pardee said. "The strength of our football team is our offensive line," Washington State coach Dennis Erickson said. "Houston is good up front. That matchup will be a key to the game." Rosenbach, a junior, was rated first in the nation in passing efficiency this season. He completed 66 percent of his passes for 2,791 yards and 23 touchdowns, helping Washington State to only its fourth bowl appearance in the school's 93-year football history. Rosenbach led the Pac-10 Conference and was third in the nation in total offense, averaging 286 yards pera game. He finished seventh in the Heisman Trophy balloting. Steve Broussard rushed for 1,141 yards and Rich Swinton ran for 980 yards. "Our defense is going to be tested against Washington State," Pardee said. "When you've got the topranked quarterback in football and a rusher who gained over 1,000 yards in a season ... the tribute goes to the offensive line. "The key is getting past them, not giving Rosenbach time to throw," Pardee said. Sophomore quarterback Andre Ware leads Houston's run-and-shoot offense, which ranked first in the Southwest Conference and second in the nation in passing offense, averaging 377 yards per game. Ware, who started Houston's final seven games, passed for 2,501 yards and 25 touchdowns. "I'm in love with this offense," Ware said. "There's no one else in the country that runs the run-and-shoot the way we run it." The offense helped two Houston receivers compile impressive statistics this season. All-American Jason Phillips, who caught 108 passes for 1,444 yards and 15 touchdowns, led the nation in receiving for the second straight season. Phillips is only the fourth receiver in NCAA history to lead the nation

SUNDAY TV COLLEGE FOOTBALL Blue-Gray All-Star Classic • KTVI (2), 11 1 a.m. Aloha Bowl, Washington State vs. Houston . . . KTVI (2), 2:30 p.m. PRO BASKETBALL Los Angeles Lakers at Utah Jazz . . . KMOV (4), 2:30 p.m. MISCELLANEOUS "Sports Sunday" .... . . . . KMOV (4), 1 p.m. "Year In Sports' • KSDK (5), 2 p.m. RADIO COLLEGE FOOTBALL Aloha Bowl, Washington State vs. Houston . KXOK, 630 AM, 2:30 p.m. COLLEGE BASKETBALL St. Louis U. game in Chaminade tournament WIL, 1430 AM. CABLE TV PRO BASKETBALL Cedar Rapids at Topeka ESPN, noon Washington at Philadelphia TBS, 6 p.m. MONDAY TV PRO FOOTBALL Los Angeles Rams at Minnesota KMOV (4), 1:30 p.m. PRO HOCKEY Blues at Chicago KPLR (11), 7:35 p.m. RADIO PRO FOOTBALL Los Angeles Rams at Minnesota . ...KMOX, 1120 AM, 1:30 p.m.. PRO HOCKEY Blues at Chicago . ....KMOX, 1120 AM, 7:35 p.m. CABLE TV HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL Texas 5A championship (taped) ....ESPN, 8 a.m. COLLEGE BASKETBALL Penn State at Temple ESPN, 6:30 p.m. Long Beach State at Alabama-Birmingham ESPN, 8:30 p.m. TUESDAY CABLE TV PRO BASKETBALL Houston at Miami TBS, 7:05 p.m. BOXING Bobby Czyz vs. Mike DeVito ESPN, 8 p.m. WEDNESDAY TV COLLEGE FOOTBALL Liberty Bowl, Indiana vs. South Carolina KDNL (30), 7 p.m. RADIO COLLEGE FOOTBALL Liberty Bowl, Indiana vs. South Carolina. KXOK, 630 AM, 7 p.m. COLLEGE BASKETBALL Illinois vs. Tulsa KXOK, 630 AM, 6:05 p.m. Arkansas at Missouri .. WIL, 1430 AM, 8 p.m. PRO HOCKEY Blues at Winnipeg ...KMOX, 1120 AM, 7:35 p.m. CABLE TV COLLEGE BASKETBALL Arkansas at Missouri USA, 8 p.m. DePaul vs. Mississippi State WGN, 9 p.m. THURSDAY TV COLLEGE FOOTBALL Freedom Bowl, Brigham Young vs. Colorado . KNLC (24), 8 p.m. RADIO COLLEGE FOOTBALL All American Bowl, Florida vs. Illinois KXOK, 630 AM, 7 p.m. COLLEGE BASKETBALL Southwest Missouri vs. East Tennessee WGNU, 920 AM, 6 p.m. Illinois game in Rainbow Classic KXOK, 630 AM, 2:15 p.m. or 6:05 p.m. CABLE TV COLLEGE FOOTBALL All American Bowl, Florida vs. Illinois ESPN, 7 p.m. COLLEGE BASKETBALL Memphis State at Tennessee .................USA, 8 p.m, Crinar Daul
