# The Daily Herald-Tribune — 1988-03-23 — p.7

**Publication:** The Daily Herald-Tribune
**Date:** 1988-03-23
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/731253106/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 731253106

## Paragraphs

By DAN SCHNICK Herald-Tribune staff When the Prince George Spruce Kings roll into town this weekend to begin the best-of-seven Peace Cariboo Junior Hockey League finals, the Grande Prairie North Stars hope the joint will be rocking. With crowds of 500 and 300 at the last two playoff games against Williams Lake, the idea of the home-rink advantage was tested. *We would like to sell out the place," says Stars treasurer Frank Clish, "and Prince George will probably do it.' "It should be some of the best hockey we've seen all year," offered Stars coach Ken Head. "Prince George has a good club.' **If we have 1000-1500 fans the first night it would sure help the intensity of our players." Friday's game goes at 8:30 p.m. at the Johnny Macdonald with the second tilt going the same time Saturday. If the Spruce Kings win one or both, a third game will be played here on Sunday at 2:00 p.m. The Stars are in Prince George on Thursday, March 31st for a return engagement. There is no word when the remaining one or two games will be played in Prince George but it will be sometime during the Easter Holiday. If a seventh game is necessary, it will be played here on Tuesday, April 5th. A series win by the Stars would mark the first time a Peace team won the PCJHL championship since the league's inception in 1975. If that fact doesn't appeal fans enough, very little else will. Well, if the Stars win, the next series would. Grande Prairie would host the Mowatt Cup, the BC Junior championship on April 8, 9 and 10. The top teams from the coastal league are currently facing off. Vernon currently holds a 2-0 lead in games over the Richmond Sockeyes with the next games in Richmond's rink. "If we can get the fans behind us now that would be a real advantage if we ended up playing for the Mowatt Cup." says Clish. "*It's only a three-game series - they (teams from the coastal league) may find out if they are that much better.' Of course, if the Stars get really hot, they will be involved in the Alberta-British Columbia Junior Championship. Alberta teams playing off for the BC-Alberta title? The Hobbema Hawks currently hold a one game lead over the St. Albert Saints in the northern playdowns. In the south, the red-hot Calgary Canucks enjoy a similar lead over the Red Deer Rustlers. And if they win that one? Well, let's not get too far ahead.
