# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-02-17 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-02-17
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323787273/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 323787273

## Paragraphs

and Nanaimo took 37 of 67 penalty minutes. Clipper goalie Corey Jones played spectacular in yielding just three goals. "I thought Corey played well and I was happy with him coming out McNabb. "He held us there, playing like he did," said especially when we were five minutes short." Biggs, who added three helpers, felt the team played great. "It feels pretty good," said Biggs. "I think our team played quite well tonight. We pulled it out and we've got third place secured so I'm pretty happy.' CLIPPER NOTES: Clippers travel t to Richmond for a game against the Sockeyes tonight before returning home for their final home game of the season, Friday a against Juan de Fuca (8 p.m) . . Whaler . assistant coach Robb McInnes was behind the bench for suspended Dale Sproule (see story) Defenceman David Young and forward Wally Bzdell sat the game out for Nanaimo . . . In the only other league game, Abbotsford Falcons blasted Chilliwack Eagles 11-7.

Whalers' Sproule draws suspension VANCOUVER (CP) Dale said Sproule Sproule, owner, coach and gen- called his and said: "If eral manager 'of the J Juan de Popp starts the game, he won't Fuca Whalers, has been finish. suspended from coaching in the B.C. Junior Hokey League until Popp, 20, of St. Albert, Alta., Nov. 30 because of threats he broke wrist of his catching made against an opposing hand checked by a memgoaltender. ber Whalers. He is exThe league said Tuesday that pected to be out of commission Sproule cannot be in an arena for six weeks where his team is playing for an Sproute : said at the time that hour before the game, and can- Popp out of his crease not enter the building until an playing the pack. ... it was a fair hour after the game has ended. DO Sproule had threatened goaltender Willie Popp, who had never expect been loaned to the Chilliwack goaltender to get hurt like that," Eagles. on an emergency basis said Richmond coach Orland by the Richmond Sockeyes for a Kurtenbach, a former National Jan. 30 game against the Hockey League player. "A pullWhalers in Victoria. ed groin, but not a Dave Ferguson, a BCJHL broken wrist."
