# The Abbotsford News — 1988-03-19 — p.25

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1988-03-19
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536679270/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536679270

## Paragraphs

in Vernon, the Lakers open the best-of-seven BCJHL final against the Richmond Sockeyes, defending Centennial Cup champions. Game Two goes tomorrow in Vernon, with the teams moving to Richmond for games Tuesday and Wednesday. Knights knock off 'Stones for championship Highwayman Pub Knights defeated Flintstones 10-5 Tuesday, March 15, to win the Abbotsford Ball Hockey League championship series two games to none. Allan Dyck led the Knights attack with four goals, while Doug Dyment and Peter Amyot each added a pair. Mike Senos and Don Griffith rounded out the scoring against Flintstones goalie Jody Grabowski. Vic Barley tended goal for the Knights. Replying for Flintones were Rick Simenfalvy with two, Dave Dyment, Bob Sitnik and Jeff Tuttle with one apiece. B.C. Games equestrian qualifying Following are the dates for the Zone Three (Fraser Valley) qualifying dates for the equestion events the upcoming B.C. Summer Games, which will be held in Victoria in July. Dressage: Maple Ridge Dressage Permit Show, April 10. (For more information call 467-2413), Maple Ridge Equestrian Centre. Chilliwack Horse Show, dressage division, May 22-23. (For more information call 826-2430). Hunter and Jumper: Thunderbird Spring Show, Langley, Thunderbird Equestrian Centre, March 30-April 2. (For more information call 888-1511). Thunderbird May Show, Langley, Thunderbird Equestrian Centre, dates TBA. (For more information call 888-1511). Anyoné interested in application forms or further information may contact Fiona McCallum, 467-6031, 25136 117 Ave., Maple Ridge, B.C. V2X 2K6.
