# The Abbotsford News — 1988-02-27 — p.21

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1988-02-27
**Page:** 21
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536677421/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536677421

## Paragraphs

to continue playing as a member of the Eagles. However, on two occasions the BCJHL asked MacPherson not to dress Savard. The Chilliwack coach complied with both requests. The second game for which Savard did not dress was Thursday, Feb. 25 against Abbotsford, after the Eagles had been eliminated from playoff contention two days earlier. That was followed by a letter from league officials on Saturday, saying the Eagles must forfeit the eight points they had won n while using Savard, now considered an "illegal player.' The points would have gone to Chilliwack's opponents in those games, giving the Flyers first place in the Coastal Division. Richmond Sockeyes would have finished second. But the league, after talking to MacPherson again, changed its decision regarding the points and left the standings as they had been. Said MacPherson, "If my appeal goes through, and if I'm right, what do they (the BCJHL) do? It wouldn't be fair to Richmond or Delta if two weeks down the road the league comes back and says, 'Hey we were wrong. "Right now, after the season is over, I hope I'm wrong. Because that

DEREK WARNE Blaine Moore had one goal, two assists as Abbotsford Falcons finished their B.C. Junior Hockey League season last Saturday with a 6-5 loss to Richmond Sockeyes at MSA Arena.
