# The Boston Globe — 1988-02-28 — p.70

**Publication:** The Boston Globe
**Date:** 1988-02-28
**Page:** 70
**Location:** Boston, Massachusetts
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/437977772/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22
**Image ID:** 437977772

## Paragraphs

BC got untracked midway through the period and tested Fish, who made some sensational saves. It was a physical period, with referee Frank Cole calling five penalties against each team. Territorially, the Terriers also had the upper hand in the second period, outshooting BC, 14-9, but BC scored twice and BU once. -BC tied the game at 8:13 on : a power play goal by Dan Shea, who hit on a high, screened shot that hit Fish's glove and slipped into the cage. BU got that one back in a hurry when Kelfer scored from the middle of the right faceoff circle at 9:20 with help from Dave Tomlinson and Tom Dion. BU continued to carry the play, Littman continued to play tough and the Eagles tied it at 2 at 17:45 when Steve Scheifele intercepted a BU pass and scored from the mouth of the goal. BC's Bill Nolan was caught tripping at 6:00 of the third, and eight seconds later Dion scored from the right | point on a screened shot. Kelfer and Tomlinson assisted on the goal. BC tied it at 13:07 when Jeff O'Neill picked up a Mark Dennehy rebound and scored from 15 feet out. BU played stronger in the third period. Sacco and his mates were sensational.

BU, 6-3 at Walter Brown Arena BC (13-17-2).... .0 2 BU (14-14-3).. Scoring: BU, Tom Ryan (Rob Regan, Ville Kentala) 15:59; BC, Dan Shea (Jeff O'Neill, Bill Nolan) 8:13; BU, Mike Kelfer (Dave Tomlinson, Tom Dion) 9:20; BC, Steve Scheifele (unassisted) 17:41; BU, Dion (Mike Kelfer, Tomlinson) 6:08; BC, Jeff O'Neill (Mark Dennehy, Dave Pergola) 13:07; BU, Joe Sacco (Keffer, Tomlinson) 15:40; BU, Sacco (unassisted) 18:29; BU, Phil von Stefenelli (Sacco) 18:56. Saves: BC, David Littman, 38; BU, Peter Fish, 29. Hockey East
