# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-01-09 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-01-09
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323762163/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 323762163

## Paragraphs

could have gone either way. We're "All I ask for is consistency. It's going them eventually. We're not: what you do, it's how do it and it's the same for players. We really jelling as a team. Larry's got get him (Dodson) in Juan de Fuca us atmosphere. got Everybody more to going. We've of a famiand it's a great schmozzle...I mean ly wants (Nanaimo) go on mas a few of the rookies had to adthey the play for him. I think before. Christof the net they and a guy just and they're coming around powerplay, stand in front then us another penalty for knockines the Kurtenbach's now." impression of the do, guy let the What stand are we there?" supposed to Clippers? down. McNabb guy felt "Last year was the same thing, we won some close games with most of the them," The Sockeye minors said. "This year they've warranted. got a good nucleus and they club play to were The Sockeyes, al- well here. They're a tough beat here. They're anchored on though not dirty as defence Stotts and that (Ross) a team, do have a by Laidlaw looks like he's going to' be a few players who have problems good one. That Allen (Greg) can keeping their sticks play and of course (Darren) Biggs on the ice. and (Corky) Parkes are key Tony Bobbitt collected a players." ICE CHIPS: Richmond outshot pair of crosscheck-
