# The Leader-Post — 1988-10-20 — p.18

**Publication:** The Leader-Post
**Date:** 1988-10-20
**Page:** 18
**Location:** Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/497999235/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 497999235

## Paragraphs

For most of the hockey teams in the Canada West University Athletic Assocation the playoffs start on Friday, If any of the eight teams get off to a slow start, securing one of the four playoff berths may be out of the question. "Every game is like a playoff game," said Brandon coach Mark Arnett. "That's the way I'm approaching the season. "You have to be ready to go right from the beginning of the year and we have to be fine-tuned right off the bat. It's good but it's tough on development.' Ready or not, the 28-game season opens Friday and ends Feb. 23. Here's a preview of the teams: University of Calgary Dinosaurs: George Kingston has taken a year's leave to be an assistant coach with the National Hockey League's Minnesota North Stars, leaving assistant coach Willie Desjardins in charge of the defending league champs. The Dinosaurs lost seven of their top scorers from last season but Terry Jones and Barry Bracko, all-stars at the national championship last season,and rookie-of-theyear Terry Houlder are among the 17 players returning. Grant McPhail is back in goal along with Peter Frey, formerly of the Western Hockey League's Victoria Cougars. "The last two years our strength was offence," said Desjardins, who

Schutter, formerly of the WHL's Regina Pats and Saskatoon Blades respectively, are expected to make major contributions. Coach Brent McEwen awaits former Moose Jaw Warrior Troy Edwards who is not eligible to play until next semester because he played pro hockey last season. University of Manitoba Bisons: Wayne Fleming is back after taking a year's leave to coach in Northern Italy. He has the team's top four scorers - centres Patrick Scott (16- 16), Barry Blistner (13-13), Brian Kozack (11-18) and Steve Brown (13- 15) - returning for the new season. Freshmen to watch are Mike Recchi from the WHL's Kamloops Blazers and Nick Czenezek of the Richmond Sockeyes of the B.C. Junior Hockey League. University of British Columbia Thunderbirds: Coach Terry O'Malley has the league's premier goaltender, Carl Repp, returning along with captain Keith Abbott. On defence, the T-Birds have third-year player Oscar Pozzolo and sophomore Henry Czenezek. Brandon University Bobcats: With 14 players returning from last year's team Arnett could be set. He isn't. The Bobcats lost their top scorers to graduation and have a young team. Goaltender Doug Roach, who had a 5.52 goals-against average in 15 games, returns along with defencemen Randy Cameron, Troy Sambrook and Dave Tressoor.
