# The Vancouver Sun — 1988-03-16 — p.14

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1988-03-16
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495384114/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 495384114

## Paragraphs

later. ... well, that would shock anyone. I mean, there was nowoman in the country better than Leah at that age and at that time. Nobody.' But '86 represents the start of chapter two in the Leah Pells story. She re-enrolled at SFU in the fall and her comeback trail began rather modestly in November, when she placed fifth in the Canadian CrossCountry championships. Then, in the spring of '87, she ran off a series of impressive performances, highlighted by her NAIA -record time of four minutes, 18 seconds in the 1,500. Pells also came under the wing of SFU assistant track coach Mike Lonergan in '86-87. Lonergan recognized her great potential - and also the fact that she needed "a good oldfashioned kick in the butt" once in a while to realize it.

and Penticton with relative ease in the Interior Division playoffs, also felt a longer, drawn-out series might weaken the eventual winner as it proceeds along the Centennial Cup trail. "Why risk the chance of injury in the longer series?" he said. "I think the team that comes out of our league has a chance to go a long way." The 42-10-0 Lakers will entertain Orland Kurtenbach's 34-16-2 Sockeyes in games one and two Saturday and Sunday. The scene switches to Richmond Arena next Tuesday and Wednesday. Vernon boasts the league scoring champion in centre Dallas Drake, who popped in 39 goals and added 87 assists for 126 points in the 52-game season. Drake is one of eight Lakers

By ELLIOTT PAP The B.C. Junior Hockey League final, advertised as a best-of-nine series only last weekend, became a best-of-seven series this week when the Richmond Sockeyes and Vernon Lakers opted to gong the longer format. "It was up to both teams and both teams agreed Monday we would go seven," Lakers' coach Ernie Gare said Tuesday night from Vernon. "We decided we could decide a series in seven games. "I guess the idea behind a ninegame series was to generate more revenue but it doesn't make sense to go back and forth and back and forth. It might have made more sense in the division finals where the travel is less." Gare, whose Lakers swept Merritt
