# The Times-Transcript — 1988-09-21 — p.29

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-09-21
**Page:** 29
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107105211/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107105211

## Paragraphs

NHL teams have always shied away from making lengthy commitments to their Moncton-based American Hockey League franchises then 'later regretted their shortsightedness. Toronto Maple Leafs, Edmonton Oilers and Calgary ;Flames have abandonned AHL franchises in Moncton, but have never found much success in other cities. Flames general manager and president Cliff Fletcher is the latest NHL to • kick himself for leaving Moncton. The Flames minor-league arrangement in Salt Lake City of the International Hockey League isn't working out and it is believed the Flames will leave at the end of this season. In fact, the Flames are already investigating new locations - including Fredericton, where Quebec Nordiques : pulled the plug on the Express. A source in the Calgary organi•zation said Tuesday the Flames, want back in the American Hockey League. With all of this confusion, you'd think the owners of the Moncton Hawks would want to immediately settle their arrangement with the Winnipeg Jets, who are set to begin their second winter in Moncton. The Jets signed a three-year contract with the Moncton ownership. However, the third year in an option year in favor of the owners. If the owners want the Jets back, the contract will have to be renegotiated. The Jets are happy with the current arrangement. They want back in Moncton and general manager John Ferguson says he's looking to make a long-term commitment to the Hawks. Those "long-term commitments" are rarer than a Jeff Brubaker end-to-end rush so the Hawks ownership is encouraged. The ownership is also being cautious. Last season's team flopped. Attendance dropped as the team struggled on the ice. The Hawks set a record for fewest road wins in a season and they were 1 in the Northern Division basement for much of the winter. Ferguson has promised a competitive team this season. If Ferguson lives up to his word, the Hawks owenrship will happily sign a new contract with the Jets. Before the ownership makes a "long-term commitment," it is waiting to see if Ferguson's promise of a competitive team comes true. If the team isn't competitive, no deal will be signed..... Always optimistic, Hawks coach Rick Bowness is certain this year's team will make everyone, year forget at lasts time, season. I was wondering how our young guys would respond to the pro game," Bowness said after practice at the Coliseum Tuesyear, I'm confident we day... are building a team with good players who know how to play at this level," h he added. "We won't have to put up with a lot of things that we put up with last year. We're commited to having players who want to play, learn and win hockey games. "We want guys who strive to play in the National Hockey League and they have the motivation to play good hockey. There will be no excuses and no loafing this year." NOTES The Hawks received nine players from the parent Jets Tuesday, following Winnipeg's. exhibition game against Minnesota Monday night.: Returning to Moncton are: Ron Wilson, Brent Hughes, Guy Larose, Len Nielsen, Todd Flichel, Matt Hervey, Jamie Husgen and goaltenders Stephane Beuaregard and • Bob Essensa. Not all of these players are assured of jobs in Moncton.....Monday's game had six fights, including a heavyweight battle between Steven Fletcher of the Jets and Minnesota's Richard Zemlak......A total of 32 players remain i in Winnipeg. Six more players are expected to be shipped to Moncton by the end of the weekend. The Jets play

about is Ron Wilson, a meat-andpotatoes hockey player who didn't score many goals but excelled at penalty killing and would run through the end boards of the rink if it meant winning his team a game. Wilson retired this season to act as a playing coach for Winnipeg's AHL farm team in Moncton, N.B. Gilhen, who had three goals and two assists in 13 games with the Jets last year, is locked in a battle trying to win himself a job on Winnipeg's fourth line. "This is the first year I felt I really wanted to come in and grab a job," said the five-foot-10, 190- pound grinder who was born in Zweinbrucken, West Germany. "I've been trying to improve everyday, do a litle bit more every day." Gilhen was Hartford's sixth choice, 109th overall, in the 1982 draft. The former Winnipeg Warrior of the Western Hockey League bounced around in the American and International leagues before signing as a free agent with the Jets. He played 68 games with Moncton last year, scoring 40 goals and 47 assists. By scoring a clutch goal, Gilhen thinks he might finally have proven he can play in the big league. "Something like this really helps my confidence," he said with a smile. "I can't got out and be trying to score a goal everyday. I've got to take it one day at a time." Rangers 5 Oilers 2 Hall of Famer Guy Lafleur celebrated his 37th birthday by scoring his first goal since beginning his comeback bid as York dumped Edmonton. Lafleur retired after the 1983-84 season, capping a 14-year career with Montreal. The victory moved the Rangers to 1-1-1 on the exhibition season. The Oilers fell to 0-2-2.

THE TIMES- TRANSCRIPT, SEPTEMBER 21, 1988, WEDNESDAY 29 Lafleur celebrates with first goal shorthanded goal lifts Jets

WINNIPEG (CP) When he saw the chance, Randy Gilhen took it. It gave the Winnipeg Jets a 3-1 exhibition victory over the Calgary Flames on Tuesday, and might have enhanced Gilhen's chances of starting the season in the NHL rather than the minors. "Every year I try to set goal for myself,' said Gilhen, 25, whose shorthanded goal with just under three minutes left in the
