# The Vancouver Sun — 1988-09-23 — p.36

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1988-09-23
**Page:** 36
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495019101/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 495019101

## Paragraphs

stone, the ex-NHLer beginning his maiden season as a junior coach. Johnstone, who retired from pro hockey two seasons ago, served as an assistant coach with last season's Vernon Lakers. The Lakers won on the BCJHL championship and Johnstone figures the Royals are a better offensive club than the 1987-88 Lakers. "But we're not as good defensively, not yet anyway," he admitted. Expected to lead the Royals are major junior veterans Tye Cameron (Portland) and Curt Lehner (Lethbridge, Kamloops) as well as BCJHL vet Frankie Billar (57 goals). Henderson is also high on 16-yearold rookie Trevor Renkers, a 6'2", 210-pound forward who is certain, claims Henderson, to be a high NHL draft pick in 1990. PUCK PATTER -Cameron is the grandson of NHL Hall of Famer Babe Pratt and son of former Canadian Football League player Rocky Cameron.

By ELLIOTT PAP Like the swallows returning to Capistrano, junior hockey always seems to find its way back to Queens Park Arena. First came the New Westminster Royals, then the original New Westminster Bruins, then another edition of the e Royals, another edition of the Bruins and now, hello there, yet another edition of the Royals. These Royals, members of the tier two B.C. Junior League, kick off their 1988-89 season this weekend with games Saturday in Chilliwack and at home Sunday against the Richmond Sockeyes. Owned by the triumvirate of Kurt Bonnes, Byron Hitchins and former Sockeye owner Bruce Taylor, the Royals- transplanted from Abbotsford - are promising big things in their first year at Queens Park. "We are not recruiting a hockey team to finish second," said Royals' general manager Roy Henderson on Thursday. "Anyone who knows Bruce Taylor and myself knows that." Henderson, a former scout for the Philadelphia Flyers, worked behind the scenes with Taylor and coach Orland Kurtenbach when the Sockeyes won the Centennial Cup national championship two seasons ago. This year the recepient of the Taylor- -Henderson connection is Eddie Johnstone. "Ray and Bruce have the reputation of being good recruiters and they have done the job," said John-
