# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-10-15 — p.8

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-10-15
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325739446/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 325739446

## Paragraphs

not too bad, but I got help from my D-men when I really needed it." The Clippers, now 4-3-1 on the season, visit Chilliwack tonight with Bryan Toffey slated to make his first start in goal. Sunday, the Clippers are in New Westminster. Elsewhere in the BCJHL, New Westminster defeated Cowichan Valley 8-6, Vernon beat Penticton 5-4 in overtime and Richmond defeated Chilliwack 10-4. In New Westminster, Jeff McLean scored two goals to lead the Royals. Kevin Hoffman, Blaine Moore, Trevor Renkers, Don Dwyer, Brad Trudeau and Greg Hadden added singles for the winners, who led 4-2 and 5-4 by periods. Clayton Fahy led Cowichan Valley with two goals and singles came from Clinton Black, Todd Demchuk, Dale Walsh and Ronnie Bhala. In Chilliwack, Rob Tadey scored two goals and Jason Talo had a goal and three assists to lead Richmond. Jason Jennings, Sascha Pogor, Oliver Marti, Dean Richards, Tony Bobbitt, Mark Kaufmann and Wayne Stripp also scored for the Sockeyes. Doug Lawrence two goals and two assists for Chilliwack. Ron Swick and Tom Wittenberg had the other goals. CLIPPER NOTES: ... Nanaimo outshot Salmon Arm 32-25 and took 93 of 184 penalty minutes . Three stars were 1. Basaraba. 2. Ewacha. 3. Peters. Total attendance was 1,108 The loss ended a Nanaimo four -game unbeaten streak at home The loss also marked the first time the Clippers lost on home ice after scoring the first goal and only the second time in nine games New Clipper-Gerry St. Cyr did not suit up for the game because the team couldn't get his player's card on time. He's expected to play tonight . . Next Clipper home game is Tuesday when they host New Westminster at 8 p.m. at Civic Arena.
