# Surrey Leader — 1988-02-03 — p.21

**Publication:** Surrey Leader
**Date:** 1988-02-03
**Page:** 21
**Location:** Surrey, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/328014651/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 328014651

## Paragraphs

Coastal division 'dogfight' Flyers plug leak, hold off Sockeyes

by Larry Pruner Delta Flyers have snapped their eight-game losing streak and not a moment too soon. With back-to-back games against Richmond Sockeyes yesterday (after The Leader press deadline) and tonight (Wednesday), the Flyers needed a lift heading into this series as the two teams battle it out for first spot in the Coastal division standings: and they got just that by scoring three times in the third period to double the Merritt Centennials 6-3 in the Interior town Sunday. Flyers' Scott Frizzell, who just returned to the line-up after a bout with mononucleosis, paced his squad with two goals and three assists. Jeff Nottingham, Todd Miller, Doug Macdonald and Peter Holmes with his 50th of the season also tallied for the winners. "We got bored of losing," Nottingham said with a smile after the triumph. "We got bored of winning before now were bored of losing.' The two teams were deadlocked 2-2 after one frame and 3-3 after two before the Flyers poured it on in the third with a combination of hussle and teamwork which has been lacking in recent games. Delta had previously lost to Vernon Lakers and Penticton Knights on the three-game road trip. Flyers' captain Todd Voshell said his team went into the games last weekend just wanting "to work hard" with hopes to break out of the drought which has helped Richmond catch the Flyers in the divisional standings. "When you're slumping, you can't set goals because it will bring you down even more if you don't achieve them," Voshell said. Frank Biller, Chris Kaban and Doneau Menard each scored once for the Centennials. •On Saturday, the Flyers ran into penalty trouble and watch a twogoal lead evaporate as the host Vernon Lakers thumped the locals 8-6. Leading 4-2 in the second frame, the Flyers were called for an array of minor penalties which left them shorthanded two men on a pair of occasions. And before they knew it, they were behind 6-4 - a deficit which proved to be too much to come back from. Flyers' assistant coach Terry Dyck, who was filling in the last of a
