# The Abbotsford News — 1988-01-06 — p.11

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1988-01-06
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536661715/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 536661715

## Paragraphs

by Alan Watson For the Abbotsford Falcons, their first visions of the new year have unfortunately already sparked dreams of next year for the B.C. Junior Hockey League franchise. Saturday night at MSA Arena, in their first game back after a 10-day Christmas break, the Falcons fell behind 5-0 by the end of the first period and were trounced 10-2 by the Richmond Sockeyes. Monday night in Juan de Fuca, a 2-0 Abbotsford lead evaporated in short order, and they were trounced yet again, 13-5. The losses, the Falcons' fourth and fifth in a row, have come on the heels of a three -game win streak. They leave the beleagued team in last place in the Coastal Division, and nine points behind the fourth-place Nanaimo Clippers, who also hold four games in hand. While a fi losing streak is not unfamiliar to any last team, it is nightmarish to a team whose 1 playoff chances are dark, not just dim. But, it is the manner of the losses which makes the situation so bleak. In their past five games, the Falcons have been outscored 46-13.. "How do you explain it to anybody?" queried Falcon co-coach Dave Cherniwchan Tuesday morning. "(Fellow co-coach) Jim Frost i is sitting behind the bench completely bewildered. I'm just totally disappointed. We've played five games and been destroyed. How can we be so bad after we did a lot of things right to get into the playoff race before Christmas?" Cherniwchan went on to answer his own question: "It
