# The Province — 1988-03-10 — p.61

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1988-03-10
**Page:** 61
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502677620/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 502677620

## Paragraphs

A champ but no boss By FRANK LUBA date for the appeal to be heard is some- clinched first place in the Western DiviSports Reporter time in September. sion. IT'S PLAYOFF TIME in the B.C. Junior Delta and Richmond play again 8 p.m. Second-place Spokane Chiefs are 12 JUNIOR HOCKEY but sometimes you have to NOTEBOOK Friday and Saturday at Sungod points behind the Blazers with seven Arena. Hockey League, wonder how the 12-team circuit made it In the Interior final, Vernon games left to play, including last night's Division this far. previous evening in the Flyers' 6-3 loss to Lakers held a 3-0 lead over Penticton game with Seattle Thunderbirds. The league can boast of having the Richmond in the opening game of their Knights heading night's game. Battling for third place and the right to into last defending Centennial Cup champions, the best-of-seven Coastal Division final. SASKATOON'S BLADES are on the cut- avoid Kamloops in the opening round of Richmond Sockeyes, but it still doesn't But Chilliwack is still appealing his status ting edge of things in the WHL's Eastern the playoffs are the Victoria Cougars and have a president and probably won't have to the executive committee of the B.C. Division. They have a new building and are the New Westminster Bruins, who are 6-2-1 one until the July annual meetings. Amateur Hockey Association, fully sup- filling a -place squad. in their last nine games. it because of Remember Ray Savard, the former ported by the BCJHL. When the Blades edged the second-place The weekend will be a crucial one for the Western Hockey League player signed by The BCJHL is supporting the appeal, Medicine Hat Tigers 6-5 Tuesday, they Bruins. They host the Chiefs at 7:30 David attracted 7,000 fans to the contest. Saska- Friday at Queen's Park Arena, travel p.m. to Delta Flyers who played for Chilliwack says Coastal Division vice-president Eagles instead? Ferguson, "because we think we're right. toon can claim its first divisional title since Kamloops for a game with the Blazers Savard played his second game last night Actually, we know we're right.' 1982-83 by winning three of its last five Saturday and return home for a 7 league games. p.m. for Delta. But the appeal will be purely a matter of game Sunday with Portland Winter He registered a goal and an assist the principle and precedent because the likely KAMLOOPS BLAZERS have pretty well Hawks.
