# Standard-Speaker — 1988-11-22 — p.25

**Publication:** Standard-Speaker
**Date:** 1988-11-22
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Hazleton, Pennsylvania
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/63119874/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 63119874

## Paragraphs

By The Associated Press The 1988 Kodak Coaches AllTeam, selected by the American Football Coaches Association, with names, schools and years: Offense Quarterback - Rodney Peete, Southern California, senior. Running use backs- -Barry Sanders, Oklahoma St., junior; Tim Worley, Georgia, Wide receivers- Erik Affholter, Southern California, senior; Jason Phillips, Houston, senior. Tight end - Mary Cook, Iowa, senior. Linemen -Tony Mandarich, Michigan St., senior; Anthony Phillips, Oklahoma, senior; Mark Stepnoski, Pittsburgh, senior; Mike Utley, Washington St.,

American League CLEVELAND INDIANS- - Named Chet Montgomery director of scouting. MILWAUKEE BREWERS- Added Narcisco Elvira, Doug Henry and Leo Perez, pitchers; Tim McIntosh, catcher; George Canale, infielder, and Matias Carrillo and Greg Vaughn, outfielders, to their winter roster. Eastern League EL- Approved the transfer of the Williamsport, Pa., franchise to Hagerstown, Md., for the 1989 season. BASKETBALL National Basketball Association CHICAGO BULLS- Released Antbony Jones, guard. INDIANA PACERS- Named George Irvine interim bead coach. MILWAUKEE BUCKS- Activated Jeff Grayer, guard. Placed Jay Humphries, guard, on the injured list. NEW JERSEY NETS-Named John Tudbope assistant director of public relations. HOCKEY National Hockey League LOS ANGELES KINGS- Recalled Mark Fitzpatrick, goaltender, from New Haven of the American Hockey League. Reassigned Bob Janecyk, goaltender; Wayne McBean, defenseman, and Craig Duncanson, forward, to New Haven. NEW YORK RANGERS- Extended the contract of Phil Esposito, general manager, through the 1989-90 season. NEW JERSEY DEVILS- Returned Corey Foster, defenseman, to Peterborough of the Ontario Hockey League. WASHINGTON CAPITALS- Recalled Jim Thomson, forward, from Baltimore of the American Hockey League.

Also chosen were running back Tim Worley of Syracuse; wide receivers Erik Affholter of Southern Cal and Jason Phillips of Houston; tight end Marv Cook of Iowa; offensive linemen Mandarich of Michigan State, Anthony Phillips of Oklahoma, Mark Stepnoski of Pittsburgh, Mike Utley of Washington State and Steve Wisnewski of Penn State, and placekicker Kendall Trainor of Arkansas. Named to the defensive team
