# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-01-28 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-01-28
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323787283/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 323787283

## Paragraphs

RICHMOND, B.C. (CP) - The Richmond Sockeyes scored six goals in the third period to come from behind and defeat the Abbotsford Falcons 9-7 in the only B.C. Junior Hockey League game Wednesday night. Richmond led 3-1 at the end of the first period but Abbotsford was ahead 6-3 by the end of the second. Jason Talo, Keith Fair and Wayne Stripp scored two goals each for Richmond. Brad Dickson, Tony Bobbitt and Rob Clarke added singles. Blaine Moore two goals for Abbotsford. Mark Cirpiano, Brad Trudeau, Shane Morson, Dean Methorst and Jay Janower had the others. Richmond outshot Abbotsford 42-35. In Kamloops, the Blazers defeated the road-weary Swift Current Broncos 6-4 in Western Hockey League action. Tony Horacek scored two goals, including the winner, to spark the Kamloops attack. The Blazers 3-2 at the end of the first period. The Broncos took charge in the second, tying the game 4-4 before lagging in the third, when they were outshot 21-9 by the Blazers. Don Schmidt, Mike Ricker, Dave Chyzowski and Curt Lehner added singles for the Blazers. Joe Sakic had two goals for the Broncos while Todd Sceviour and Lonnie Spink chipped in one apiece. Swift Current goalie Kelly Hitchins stopped 41 shots while Willie McDonald made 30 saves for Kamloops. In other WHL games, Regina Pats stopped Lethbridge Hurricanes 5-2, while Spokane Chiefs nipped Prince Albert Raiders 3- 2.
