# The Globe and Mail — 1988-01-30 — p.22

**Publication:** The Globe and Mail
**Date:** 1988-01-30
**Page:** 22
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1217866650/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1217866650

## Paragraphs

according to the Associated Press. bobsled team. Where are they now? by PAUL PATTON RON SEDLBAUER Hockey Left winger with the Vancouver Canucks, Chicago Blackhawks and Toronto Maple Leats between 1975 and 1981. Career record - 143 goals, 86 assists in 430 games. Sedibauer, a native of Burlington, Ont., played junior in Hamilton and Kitchener and was Vancouver's tirst pick, 23rd over all, in the 1974 amateur draft. "The Canucks were really still an expansion team but one year we ended up winning our division, though we got beaten out in the playoffs by Montreal," he recalled recently. His coaches were Phit Maloney, Orland Kurtenbach and Harry Neale. "Phil was an offthe-cuff type. He felt the best way again the bothered by injuries and was was to have tun, and the players sent to Leaf tarm team, Cincinresponded to him. Orland was more nati of the Central League, where he ot a disciplinarian. Harry was Harry. didn't get along with the coach, 1 had played junior for him in Hamil- Doug Carpenter. "I was in the wrong ton and ended up having my best place at the wrong time, and I retired season for him in the NHL." In at 27. I had two nicknames in my 1978-79. Sedibauer scored 40 career. Sudsy, which came from my goals, then a Vancouver record. last name. People always thought it Everything tell into place, but the came from drinking a lot of beer, but next year, I couldn't put it together." actually, I preferred rum and Coke.' He was traded to Chicago, where he And 'Space' because I enjoyed was hampered by a broken wrist. practical jokes and liked to keep life "When I got back, I wasn't playing a interesting in the dressing room.", lot and the general manager, Bob Once, when the Canucks were havPulford, sent me to Toronto because ing their team photograph taken, I was in the option year of my con- Sedlbauer wore a new pair of tract." With the Leafs, there was a skates, but tied them on so tightly, low point (a 14-4 loss to the Buffalo they cut off the circulation to his Sabres March 19, 1981.) and a high row feet, in and front he all but tumbled into the, point, the final day of the season in as the picture was being Quebec City. Sedibauer scored taken. Now 33, he lives in Hamilton twice, including the wirner, as the and Shoe is sales manager for Susan Leats won 4-2 and made the industries, a company owned playoffs. The next year, he was by his father and uncle.
