# Anchorage Times — 1988-04-25 — p.24

**Publication:** Anchorage Times
**Date:** 1988-04-25
**Page:** 24
**Location:** Anchorage, Alaska
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1056873456/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 1056873456

## Paragraphs

By Danny Martin travel to camps because they want to knows it may be difficult. Times Sports Writer grow (in hockey)," Constantine added. "Sure, I'd like to have 15 kids from They came. They saw. They liked. "Some kids in other parts of the coun- Alaska try out," Constantine said. they not they at least of- try are hand-fed - they're not going to If did like, "But, you're not going to get 15 Alasfered constructive criticism. go 50 or 60 miles for a camp if they kan kids at once, because some may Six representatives from profes- don't have to." be drafted by the league (USHL draft sional, collegiate and junior hockey Former Bartlett High players Reed May 13) or be picked up by a team in teams are leaving Alaska today or McDonald and Brian Burke - one of the BCJHL (which has no draft). later this week with lots of memories the campers - played for Rochester "So, hopefully I'll be able to get to and notes of the four-day Spring Junior this season. whoever is left after the draft." A/Collegiate Evaluation Camp at Ben Besides Constantine, other repre- Among the defensemen impressing Boeke Arena. sentatives were: Chuck Grillo and Pat Constantine, a first-time Alaska visiSeventy-two players, ranging from Funk, New York Rangers scouts; Rick tor, was Brian Bethard (former Serhigh school players to juniors, and Kozuback, head coach of NCAA Divi- vice standout who played this past seafrom Anchorage, Palmer, Wasilla, Sol- sion III champion Wisconsin-River son with Delta of the BCJHL); Tony dotna and participated in Falls; Roy Henderson, the Philadel- Link (ex-Dimond star who played with Fairbanks the camp that closed Sunday. phia Flyers' Western Region scout and Delta this season and was drafted last "It's a nice a area and I like it that the director of player personnel for the year by Philadelphia in the National people up here are willing to sacri- Richmond Sockeyes of the British Co- Hockey League draft); West senior fice," said Kevin Constantine, head lumbia Junior Hockey League of Can- Joe Kramer; Wasilla senior Travis coach and general manager of the ada, and Bruce Taylor, Richmond's Powell and Brian Sutton of Soldotna. Rochester (N.Y.) Mustangs, the owner. "All I'm looking for is to see if a United States Hockey League national Constantine saw 15 players, includ- player has the potential to be a DiviJunior A champions. ing several defensemen, he would like sion I hockey player," Constantine "The kids up here are willing to to try out for the Mustangs, but he said. "I use no charts, but I have set a
