# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-03-21 — p.11

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-03-21
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325969444/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325969444

## Paragraphs

Richmond Sockeyes 6-4 night to take 2-0 lead best-of-seven B.C. Junior League final series. "We skating cond when skate we're average said Ernie winning game by like that expecting down." DALLAS "We

Richmond on Tuesday. The Lakers led 3-0 after the first period but Richmond rallied to a 3-3 tie before Mike Barkley scored with 15 seconds remaining in the second period to put Vernon ahead to stay. Dallas Drake, Greg Parnell, Chad Biafore, Jamie Steer and Dane Jackson were the other Vernon scorers while Marty Comeau, Rick Herbert, Wayne Stripp and Tony Bobbitt replied for Richmond which outshot the Lakers 45-35. Saturday night, the Sockeyes took a 2-1 lead early in the first period but the Lakers came back with three goals in less than two minutes to take a 4-2 lead at the break. Drake led the Vernon attack with a goal and two assists while Adrian Markin, Biafore, Barkley, Darcy Martini' and Jackson scored one goal apiece. Mark Greyeyes had three assists for Vernon. Rick Rozecki and Stripp replied for the Sockeyes. Gare said his club got off to a slow start. "We were a little nervous in the early going, Gare said. "Our power play got us going and gave us a lift.' With his team in front 2-1, Herbert took a double minor for roughing and the Lakers capitalized with power -play goals by Drake and Barkley 41 seconds apart. Vernon netminder Glen Fry made 24 saves while Mike Doyle blocked 43 shots for Richmond. The Sockeyes took 15 of 28 minor penalties, one of three majors and one of two game misconducts. •Jason Phillips and Len Barrie scored goals each as the Victoria Cougars beat the New Westminster Bruins 5-2 Sunday night as the Western Hockey League's Western Division regular season ended. The third-place Cougars now play the second-place Chiefs in Spokane on Wednesday in the opening game
