# Red Deer Advocate — 1988-01-09 — p.20

**Publication:** Red Deer Advocate
**Date:** 1988-01-09
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Red Deer, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/558459984/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 558459984

## Paragraphs

Quiz answers 1. A. Through a special gov- 27. D. A Florida man who ernment grant. owns a track for racing dogs. 2. A. Marilyn Halvorson. 28. A. They parked an ar3. C. 1,440. mored car on the lid of the 4. E. Harold. missile silo. 5. D. A $100,000 contribu- 29. B. 10 per cent. tion to Innisfail's new indoor 30. C. Dickson general pool. store. 6. D. A dispute between Who said that? municipal and federal census 1. C. Ken Kowalski. On led to a provincial recount Sept. 10 Kowalski made the which showed town figures comments in reaction to had been inflated. planned legal action to stop 7. B. Canterra, Gulf and construction of the Oldman Shell. River Dam. On Dec. 9 Chief 8. B. The 65th anniversary Justice Kenneth Moore did since its founding. quash all licences and per9. A. An imaginary animal mits issued for the dam. The used to promote the town. province is appealing the 10. B. The smallest inte- decision. grated oil company in Cana- 2. B. Monte Kwinter, Ontarda. io's industry minister, com11. C. Stolen. menting on the proposed 12. B. Eggs. free-trade deal between 13. D. $95,000. Canada and the United 14. A. Spinal cord research. States. 15. C. Fingerprinted. 3. A. Margaret Atwood, a 16. B. Wichita. leading Canadian author, 17. A. Not soundproof. condemning anti-pornogra18. D. A ZZ-99 F'M radio an- phy bill C-54 in its present nouncer. form. 19. C. Pink flamingo. 4. D. Donald Cormie made 20. D. Disposable diaper. the statement July 10, one 21. A. Owl. month before the Principal 22. D. Chess. Group declared bankruptcy. 23. B. A Friday and Saturday Advocate (almost). The world of sports 24. C. Exotic breeds of beef 1. C. Bronze. cattle. 2. C. Garry Sawka. 25. B. Get back interest 3. B. Cor Ouwerkerk they believe they overpaid on (women's volleyball). bank loans. 4. A. Red Deer Lindsay 26. A. Red Deer county had Thurber Raiders. the highest average farm 5. C. Richmond Sockeyes. land price in Central Alberta 6. D. Kreg Llewellyn. at $757 an acre. 7. A. Roy Talbot.
