# Times Colonist — 1988-07-15 — p.14

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1988-07-15
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508224208/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 508224208

## Paragraphs

Skydome not ready for opener next year The Canadian Press- Stadium officials are to announce a TORONTO - The city's I new domed new completion date and revised cost stadium will not be ready in time for estimates by Aug. 11. the start of the 1989 baseball season, The current price tag for the multiSO the Toronto Blue Jays will play at purpose park and shopping centre least part of next summer in their $383 million current home at Exhibition Stadium. - has aready ballooned from initial estimates of $150 million. SkyDome is at least 17 weeks behind schedule due to a series of strikes in Delays will cost the stadium corthe construction industry, says presi- poration $5 million monthly in lost dent Chuck Magwood. revenue. Coaches fired in wake of Phils' loss to Houston The Associated Press was a tough decision to make, but we PHILADELPHIA - Phillies man- felt we had to make it," Elia said. ager Lee Elia announced the firing of "We've offered Del a position with the two coaches following Thursday development program, and he'll connight's 7-5 National League baseball sider it.' loss to the Houston Astros. First base coach Tony Taylor will Dismissed were four-year batting be in charge of hitting, and John coach Del Unser and third base coach Vukovich, who has been 1 serving as Dave Bristol, who had returned to the Elia's top aide, will take over third Phillies this year after having base coaching duties, Elia said. coached with t the team from 1982-85. "We don't expect to add any new "These are two quality people and it coaches at this point," he added. Falcons move to New West The Canadian Press Western Hockey league when the ABBOTSFORD - The B.C. Junior franchise was moved to Washington Hockey League franchise here will be state. moved to New Westminster. Falcons majority owner Byron HitThe team known last season as chens has sold a one-third interest in the Abbotsford Falcons - will be the club to Bruce Taylor, the former renamed the New Westminster owner of the Richmond Sockeyes of Royals and play out of Queens Park the BCJHL. Another one-third interin the suburban B.C. community. est was sold to Kurt Bonass. Queens Park was recently vacated No sale price for the team has been by the New Westminster Bruins of the disclosed. wall's
