# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-11-18 — p.10

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-11-18
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325941559/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325941559

## Paragraphs

Join us in a Salute to... LARRY McNABB * Former Clipper Coach * Former owner & director of Clippers * Coached N.H.L.'s Barry Pederson ( & Paul Cyr & many others * Great Sports Enthusiast NANAIMO CLIPPERS Tonight, Nov. 18 NANAIMO VS. Civic Arena 8 pm SLIPPERS RICHMOND SOCKEYES Don't Miss It!

By KEVIN MITCHELL Sports Editor Nanaimo Clippers will honor former coach Larry McNabb tonight, perhaps hoping some McNabb magic will rub off at Civic Arena. The Clippers could use the extra help as they try knock off the stubborn Richmond Sockeyes, who have won all three B.C. Junior Hockey League meetings with Nanaimo this season. Corey Jones, coming off a strong showing in the Clippers' 6-4 win Tuesday over Cowichan Valley, will see more than the 24 shots he faced from the Whalers. "They're (Richmond) pretty decent up front," said Clipper coach Bill Bestwick. "They've got a lot of good talent." The Sockeyes have outscored the Clippers 19-14 in their three victories, two of which came in Richmond. "Jones will start," said Bestwick. "We have to show confidence in him after that win because he's going to be playing in 70 or 80 per cent of our games. We have to go with him when he's got a good feeling.' Bestwick will continue an experiment started by assistant coach Ian Ramsay last game which saw rookie blueliner Tom Arkell shifted to forward.
