# The Daily Herald — 1988-07-29 — p.38

**Publication:** The Daily Herald
**Date:** 1988-07-29
**Page:** 38
**Location:** Everett, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1084039664/?match=1&terms=%22Sockeyes%22%20%22assistant%20coach%22
**Image ID:** 1084039664

## Paragraphs

SPORTS IN BRIEF Players say Fla. coaches paid them GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Three former University of Fiorida basketball plavers sald they received cash from coaches, bly in violation of NCAA rules, a newspaper reported today. Andrew Moten. Anthony Williams and another player who requested annnymity sald they were given money by associate head coach Monte Tirwe or Assistant coach Kenny McCraney, the Palm Reach Post said. "Every now and then. (the conches) gave me money," Moten sald. "Not very much but B little bit - 10: and 20%" The playes who requested anonymity said he receiveal from *$10 10 $200" o1 a time throughout his carcer. The amunt varied, he sald, based on his performance to games. Neither McCraney nor head conch Norm Stan could he reached for comment. Their personal attorney, Huntley Johnson, said, "I have talked to Coach McCraney concerning this, and we will simply say that we are surprised and disappointed at the rature of their comments and that we deny any wrongdoing on the part of Coach McCraney."

Fishing season canceled for Wenatchee sockeye Morals Anything beyond Sunday's recre. atonal fishery is very questionable, The popular Lake W'enatchee according to bioingists. recreational sockeye salmon fishing A meeting was scheduled for this season has been canceled and will attr moon in Olympia to make a final not open Monday as scheduled in 1hr closure decision. state Fisheries Department regula• In a third move affecting western ton pamphlet Washington sport fishermen, the Biologists predict that a depressed department in liberalizing chinook run this summer will not supply suffi- limits on the River. cient fish 10 accomplish both the Saturday through the required spawning escapement and a Labor Day weekend, the daily sport spot season. limit on Skagit kings jumps from two As of this morning the best adult fish to three. The Increase on when the Westport area co'an applirs from Start Illy upstream to salmon season would reach its quota Gitligan Creek, Just abo.: Sedro and close was still Sunday evening Woolley,
