# Times Colonist — 1988-02-18 — p.38

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1988-02-18
**Page:** 38
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508789112/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 508789112

## Paragraphs

Sproule dealt stiff suspension Times-Colonist news services Dale Sproule, coach and general manager of the Juan de Fuca Whalers, has been suspended from coaching in the B.C. Junior Hockey League until Nov. 30 because of threats he allegedly made against an opposing goaltender. The league said Tuesday from its Vancouver office that Sproule cannot be in an arena where his team is playing for an hour before the game, and cannot enter the building until an hour after the game has ended. Sproule, Whalers' vice president. said Wednesday night that the club would issue a written statement concerning the matter today. It is alleged that Dale Sproule had threatened goaltender Willie Popp, who had been loaned to the Chilliwack Eagles on an emergency basis by the Richmond Sockeyes for a Jan. 30 game against the Whalers in Victoria. Dave Ferguson, a BCJHL vice- #SPROULE: threats alleged president, said Sproule called his office and said: "If Popp starts the game, he won't finish.' to get hurt like that," said RichPopp, 20, of St. Albert. Alta., mond coach Orland Kurtenbach, a broke the wrist of his catching hand former National Hockey League when checked by a member of the player. "A pulled groin, maybe, but Whalers. He is expected to be out of not a broken wrist." commission for six weeks. Chilliwack had asked for the use Sproule said at the time that Pop of a replacement goaltender when "was out of his crease playing the Glen Pencer was injured and two puck. . . . . . . . . . it was a fair hit.' other Eagle affiliate netminders "You never expect a goaltender were under suspension.
