# Nanaimo Daily News — 1988-02-24 — p.9

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1988-02-24
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323803303/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 323803303

## Paragraphs

portunity. Beekhuizen made two excellent saves on Flyer coach Rick Hopper agreed. Pat Hodgins from the side of the net but the rebound "Goaltending was great tonight," said Hopper. "I went in behind the goalie where Laurence Amy was thought Damion Holland played exceptionally well.' quick to pounce on it and shovel it in, tying the score Holland credited his defence for clearing the slot. with 3:27 left in regulation. "The defence is playing really well," said the In overtime, both teams had chances to score but former Flyer. "I was getting a lot of first shots, but Laidlaw's bullet decided the outcome. the puck was getting cleared out straight away. The play was innocent enough with Laidlaw taking McNabb will decide tonight's starter just before the puck in his own zone and beating a Flyer in the the beginning of game two. neutral zone, but suddenly a gap opened up as Game three goes Friday (8 p.m.) at Civic Arena, Laidlaw cruised over the blueline and rifled a hard while game four is slated for Saturday at Civic (8 shot that hit the back crossbar and bounced back p.m.).. out. In Richmond, Barry Kress scored two goals lead the Sockeyes to an 8-3 win over Juan de Fuca •The Clipper bench cleared to mob Laidlaw,. while Whalers in game one of their series. the Flyers meekly protested the goal to referee Jim Richmond, which outshot the Whalers 47-22, led 3-2 Hansen, who had a clear view of the shot. at the end of the first period and 5-3 at the end of the Flyers outshot Nanaimo 35-30 and took 22 of 42 second. penalty minutes. * Dan Walton, Wayne Stripp, Tony Bobbitt, Rich With the 3-2 score, both coaches agreed goalten- Rozecki, Garth Lamb and Rob Clarke added singles ding was the key to the game. for the Sockeyes. "(Holland) was up, he was ready and wanted to Ian Doak, Mike Van Sickle and Randy Zulinick play," said McNabb. "I said to him, 'It's a big pres- scored for Juan de Fuca. sure game. The first game is the toughest.' In the Interior, Vernon downed Merritt 5-4 and "I said to him I was going to throw him in and he Kelowna edged Penticton 4-3 to take 1-0 leads in' said he was looking forward to it," added McNabb. their series'.
