# The Times-Transcript — 1988-11-05 — p.32

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-11-05
**Page:** 32
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107421644/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107421644

## Paragraphs

Cape Breton Oilers (5-7-2 record, 5th North) Moncton Hawks Coach: Ron Low (6-6-1 record, 4th North) NHL affiliate: Edmonton Oilers Coach: Rick Bowness NHL affiliate: Winnipeg Jets Pts Pen GP G A Pts Pim Ron Wilson 13 5 16 21 10 Mark Lamb 9 15 2 Brad Jones 9 6 15 21 Shaun Van Allen 6 7 13 17 Paul Boutilier 13 08 12 14 8 Kim Issel 7 6 13 11 Brent Hughes 13. 11 74 Dan Fabian Currie Joseph 8 12 10 Scott • Schneider 12 9 5 Craig Endean 10 2 Brad MacGregor 9 0 Neil Meadmore 2 Jim Wiemer 6 9 16 Guy Larose 13 Alan May Floyd 3 8 43 Mark Kumpel 5 2 Larry 6 8 2 Todd Flichel 13 Selmar Odelein 6 7 -47 Hughes Matt Hervey 5 Rob Macinnis 5 6 13 Stu Kulak Nicholas Beaulieu 2 28 Mike Warus 13 3 Mike Glover Brad Berry 13 3 Jim Ennis 3 3 30 Steven Fletcher Mike Ware 3 3 58 David Haas 39 Chris Norton Guy Gosselin Mario Barbe Stephane Beauregard Don Jamie Martin Nicholls Tom Draper Jamie Husgen Jeff Crossman Daniel Berthiaume David Roach Len Nielsen O Darren Beals Daryl Reaugh 0 O GOALTENDERS MP GA SO AV GOALTENDERS Stephane Beauregard 180 14 0 4.50 Min GA SO GA Tom Draper 386 21 0 3.27 Daryl Reaugh 240, 19 0 4.75 Daniel Berthiaume 167 11 0 3.95 David Roach 470 36 0 4.60 Records - Beauregard 1-2, Draper 5-2, Berthiaume 0-1-1. Darren Beals 140 19 0 8.14 Records - Reaugh 2-2, Roach 3-2, Beals 0-3. 1 Lamb LAST TIME OUT: The Oilers battled Adirondack Red Wings to Second-year defenceman Matt Hervey has been sidelined with a 5-5 tie in Sydney Thursday night. The Hawks lost their fifth a leg injury for Moncton's last two games and will miss tonight's straight - 8-3 at home against Hershey - on the same night. game. Forward Gilles Hamel has been assiened, to the Hawks. SEASON SERIES: The Oilers have won n two and tied the other Goaltender Daniel Berthiaume left the Big Neil Meadin previous meetings this season. The Hawks and Oilers clash 16 more returned to Moncton's lineup Thursday and picked up two assists. times this season. SUMMARY/COMMENTS: The Hawks are attempting to salINJURIES/ROSTER CHANGES: The Oilers picked up ve- vage something out of this three-game homestand. They lost the teran defenceman Craig Redmond on waivers earlier this week. first two games against Adirondack and Hershey. A loss tonight His offensive style and command on the power play will be a would put the Hawks be below .500 mark for the first time this boost for the Oilers. The Oilers also recently received goaltender season. It would also vault the Oilers into fourth place, past the Daryl Reaugh from Edmonton. struggling Hawks.
