# The Times-Transcript — 1988-03-21 — p.8

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1988-03-21
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107417939/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107417939

## Paragraphs

Jets, who have played 118 minutes without scoring. Brent Sutter, with two, Brad Lauer and Randy Wood also scored for the Islanders, who ended a four game winless run and extended Winnipeg's winless streak to seven games. "We have to get much more emotion and bit of anger wouldn't hurt either," said Jets coach Dan Maloney. Flyers 4 Penguins 2 In Philadelphia, the Flyers avenged Saturday's 7-0 drubbing in Pittsburgh beating the Penguins at the Spectrum on Sunday with four second period goals. Pittsburgh has not won in 40 games, since Jan. 20, 1974, at Philadelphia, for an 0-37-3 mark. Mario Lemieux scored his 60th for Pittsburgh while Peter Zezel, Kerry Huffman, Mark Howe and Al Hill, with his first NHL goal in five years, scored for the Flyers, who ended a five-game losing run. Bruins 6 Sabres 2 In Buffalo, Bob Joyce scored two goals and Andy Moog made 35 saves as Boston, second in the Adaams Division, ended a threegame losing streak with a key victory over the third placed Sabres. Cam Neely, Steve Kasper, Raymond Bourque and Lyndon Byers

THE TIMES- TRANSCRIPT, MARCH 21, 1988, MONDAY Jets to hold training camp in Moncton

The Hawks trailed 2-0 after the first period, but they played more aggressively in the final 40 minutes of play. "Sherbrooke came out flying," Bowness noted. "They took the game to us and we were flat. Fortunately, we woke up and played heads-up hockey. We played a good team, but we settled down and outworked them for the final • two periods." Veteran defenceman Paul Boutilier scored the winning goal on the power play with less than three minutes to play. The Sydney, N.S. native snapped a shot from 20 feet between the legs of Canadiens goaltender Randy Exelby. Alfie Turcotte, Brent Hughes and Matt Hervey also scored for the Hawks. Turcotte and Boutilier were recalled by Winnipeg after the game. Former University of Moncton star Francois Sills, Rocky Dundas and Rob Bryden replied for the Canadiens. On Saturday, rookie winger Kim Issel scored with 48 seconds to play to give the Oilers a 5-4 win over the Hawks. Issel's winner came just seconds after Moncton goaltender Dave Quigley made a big save off Nova Scotia's Mike Moller. Quigley was unable to control the rebound, which Issel pounced on for his 19th goal of the season. Lou Crawford, Allan May, Ivan Matulik and Shawn Evans scored the other Nova Scotia goals. Peter Douris scored his 35th and 36th goals of the season to lead Moncton. Singles went to Mike Warus and Joel Baillargeon. Beginning Sept. 8, the Coliseum will be the site of the Winnipeg Jets training, camp. About 65 players members of the Jets staff will attend. Jets general manager John Fer-

guson said moving the first 1 10 days of training camp to Moncton has benefits for the NHL club and the AHL Hawks. "Moncton is a good franchise for us," Ferguson said. "It's been less than a year since we got together to form the Moncton Hawks and both sides have gotten to know each other pretty well in the short period of time. "This will go a long way in bringing the whole operation much closer together.' Ferguson also said the training camp shows the Jets are serious

The New Jersey Devils, fighting to stay alive in the Patrick Division playoff race, climbed out of a huge hole on Sunday. The last placed Devils popped three quick goals in the third period to defeat the division-leading Washington Capitals 4-2. It not only kept the Devils in the race for the division's fourth and final playoff spot, it removed a psychological barrier. The team had not won at the Capital Centre since March 2, 1980, when they were the Colorado Rockies. They were 0-23-1 since then. "Nobody likes it when people say, 'You can't win here' or 'You can't win there' or against these guys," said Doug Brown, whose shorthanded goal gave New Jersey the lead after they were down 2-0. "We took another step, climbed another peak today." The Devils, with 32 victories and 69 points with seven games to play, are already having the best season in their history, but remain two points behind fifth placed Pittsburgh and five behind the New York Rangers. Elsewhere in the NHL on Sunday, it was: New York Islanders Winnipeg Jets 0; New. York Rangers 2, Hartford Whalers 1; Boston Bruins 6, Buffalo Sabres 2 2; Philadelphia Flyers 4, Pittsburgh Penguins 2; St. Louis Blues 5, Chicago Blackhawks; and Minnesota North Stars 5, Edmonton Oilers 5. On Saturday, it was: Montreal Canadiens 3, Chicago 0; Calgary 5, Quebec Nordiques 4; Rangers 4, Toronto Maple Leafs 3; Pittsburgh 7, Philadephia 0; Hartford 5, St. Louis 3; Los Angeles 7, Detroit 4; and Buffalo 4, Boston 3. After Pat Verbeek scored his second goal of the game to tie the score 2-2 with 7:12 remaining, Brown scored 1:24 later to give the Devils the lead. Another minute later, Claude Loiselle scored another short-handed goal. "We were down one goal going into the third period against the best defensive team in the league," said Devils coach Jim Shoenfeld. "'That's not a good spot to be in." "This was a real challenge, not only because we never won here, but because this was a critical game. I think our players are go-. ing to grow from accepting the challenge and overcoming it.' Mike Ridley had both Washington goals. Islanders 6 Jets 0 In Winnipeg, Denis Potvin scored twice in the third period and goalie Billy Smith made 35. saves for his second shutout of the. season as New York trounced the

about a long-term commitment to Moncton. "We have an obligation to help build something here because the owners and fans have been good to us," the general manager noted. "Good organizations are built on loyalty and honesty....that's what we've found in Moncton.' Ferguson said moving training camp will be a $30,000 expense for the Jets. The Jets are planning a number of community-related events in conjunction with the camp. A golf tournament, barbecue with fans and clinics for minor hockey players are tentatively planned. Ferguson also announced that the Jets will face off against the Hawks in an exhibition game.: "We've made some moves over the season that have strengthened the Hawks and our entire system," he continued. "And we've got all summer to plan on who we're going to add to the nucleus we've developed. "I know that Rick is anxious to get an early start on next year's team and I think it's great that we can show all of our players that we're serious about our Moncton farm team." Coach Bowness announced that Jets scoring star Dale Hawerchuk will participate in the Charlie Bourgeois celebrity golf tournament

Staff R Reporter With the season's largest crowd watching Sunday night, Moncton Hawks recorded one of their most impressive wins at the Coliseum. Playing their third game in as many nights, the Hawks looked sluggish in the first period before rallying for 4-3 American Hockey League victory over Sherbrooke Canadiens before 6,298 spectators. Earlier in the day, the NHL parent Winnipeg Jets announced next fall's training camp will be held in Moncton. Approximately 65 players will be invited to camp. However, the news wasn't all good Sunday. Nova Scotia Oilers, who beat the Hawks 5-4 in Halifax Saturday, defeated Maine 8-6 to knock Moncton out of playoff contention. The last-place Hawks trail the Oilers by 13 points with only six regular season games remaining. The Hawks are three points behind sixth-place Springfield Indians. Hawks play host to the Oilers Wednesday night at the Coliseum. "We've set our goals on sixth place now," Hawks coach Rick Bowness said. "We're going to play with a lot of pride, as professionals do. "We're only three points out of sixth and we still have to play Springfield once. We're playing
