# The Times — 1989-10-31 — p.16

**Publication:** The Times
**Date:** 1989-10-31
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Shreveport, Louisiana
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/214017817/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 214017817

## Paragraphs

overall, 6-0 in the TAAC West and winner of 11 straight, will play TAAC East champion Georgia State at 1 p.m. CST Saturday in Atlanta for the conference championship. It will be the third straight championship meeting between GSU and Centenary. GSU won 2-0 two years ago in Atlanta. Centenary won 3-1 last year in Shreveport. Centenary qualified for the conference final Monday by playing its best game of the season. The Gents attacked from all areas of the field and kept HardinSimmons off-balance. Led by sophomore striker' Curtis Partain's school-record four goals - three in the first half - the Gents took a 4-0 lead at intermission and led 6-0 after 60 minutes. Except for the last seven minutes of the first half and the last 20 minutes of the game - when the lead was unreachable -, Centenary rarely gave HardinSimmons players space to work the ball and build an attack. Hardin-Simmons (9-8 overall, 4-2 in TAAC West) had a 31-21 advantage in shots, but most were wild 20- 25-yard chances. "We knew they would come in here pumped, high," said Centenary Coach Glenn Evans. "What we wanted to do was knock the ball around and slow them down, and quickly counter against them. "We wanted to bury them early.' The Gents did that with four goals in the first 22 minutes. The first came at 9:00 when Greg Woodbridge, on the right side, passed to Jamin DePrang at the right post. DePrang then passed to Partain who headed the ball past HSU goalkeeper Alan Chandler. Partain got his second goal at 14:00 when he took a pass in midfield from Jason Phillips, dribbled into penalty box and kicked a low 16-yard shot inside the left post. Partain added No. 3 at 20:00 when he took a pass from DePrang, beat a fullback and kicked a shot past Chandler. Woodbridge made it 4-0 on a penalty kick at 22:30 that was set up when he was tripped by Chandler on a breakaway attempt inside the penalty box. Partain got his fourth goal at 52:00 when he got a loose ball, dribbled into the goal box and kicked in a shot. The four goals gave Partain a team-high 14 goals. "I never scored four in college," said Partain, a transfer from UCLA. "In high school, I had five in one game. Everytime they'd (Hardin-Simmons) try to pass to their outside fullbacks, there would be Woody (Woodbridge) and me breathing down their necks. They made a lot of bad back passes." DePrang, who did an excellent job of midfield marking and finding the open man on offense, scored his seventh goal of the season at 60:00 when he intercepted a Hardin-Simmons back pass and kicked in a low shot. Michael Henderson closed out Centenary's scoring at 79:00 with a shot off a pass from Steven Zeiller. Hardin-Simmons' goal came at 64:00 when Jason Bates, following up a shot by Todd Redfearn that was deflected by Ramsey, kicked a shot inside the

National Hockey League -Fined Troy Mallette, New York. Rangerscenter, $500 for his actions during a, fight in a game on Oct. 28. DETROIT RED WINGS--Recalled Rob Schena, defenseman, from Phoenix of the International Hockey League. MONTREAL CANADIENS- Recalled• Ed Cristofoli, left wing, from Sherbrooke of the American Hockey League. QUEBEC NORDIQUES - Suspended Jeff Brown, defenseman.

HOCKEY

International Hockey League PHOENIX ROADRUNNERS-Waived Mike Velluci, defenseman.

First half - Centenary, Curtis Partain 11 (Greg Woodbridge, Jamin DePrang) 9:00. 2, Centenary, Partain 12 (Jason Phillips) 14:00. 3, Centenary, Partain 13 (DePrang) 20:00. 4, Centenary, Woodbridge 12 (penalty kick) 21:30. Second half - 5, Centenary, Partain 14 (unassisted) 52:00. 6, Centenary, DePrang 7 (unassisted) 60:00. 7, Hardin-Simmons, Jason Bates (Todd Redfearn) 64:00. 8, Centenary, Michael Henderson 3 (Steve Zeiller) 77:00. Shots - Hardin-Simmons 18-13-31. Centenary 11-10-21. Saves - Hardin Simmons: Alan Chandler 2-4-6. Centenary: Scott Wright 9-0 9, Jeff Ramsey 0-4-4, DePrang 1-0-1, Jason Carter 0-1-1. Cornerkicks 0-4--4. Centenary 3-0-3. Yellow card Hardin Simmons: Mario Carillo 75:00. Officials - Referee: Jody Wesson. Linesmen: James Spears, Bill Shea. A-150.

HOCKEY
