# Nanaimo Daily News — 1989-09-22 — p.6

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1989-09-22
**Page:** 6
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325821150/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 325821150

## Paragraphs

signs of being a leader. Overall, I'm a little disappointed with our defensive lapses." Paul Taylor will probably get his third straight start in goal despite a below average performance in Richmond. "Paul didn't play as well as he's capable of playing but he'd be the first to admit it," said Bestwick. "But there aren't too many games you're going to win with one goal." The Sockeyes, who finished fourth (one point behind Nanaimo) last season, are led up front by Jeff Nottingham (ex-Powell River Paper King), Jason Talo and Brad Dickson. Duncan Midget graduates Dan Skene (forward) and Jason Craig (defenceman) both enjoyed strong opening games for Richmond. "They're (Sockeyes) just like last year," said Bestwick. "'They've got fairly good speed.' Kurtenbach feels the Clippers also boast the same look as last year. "Nanaimo has, for as long as I've been in the league (fifth year), had three or four good hockey players and they're surrounded by a bunch of good workers who instigate and play a physical game. "We know it'll be a rough game in their (Nanaimo) building and you never know what will happen.' Port Alberni left wing product Ryan Keller injured his shoulder throwing a check Tuesday and won't play for Richmond tonight, Sockeye rookies Oliver Marty and Brett Hopkins are expected to see their first action. The Clippers travel to Powell River Saturday.
