# The Times-Transcript — 1989-03-28 — p.39

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1989-03-28
**Page:** 39
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107797498/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107797498

## Paragraphs

After winning three team awards at a banquet Monday night, the reaction was vintage Ron Wilson. "It's nice did you hear that Matt Hervey got called up to Winnipeg?" asked the player/assistant coach of the American Hockey League's Moncton Hawks. Wilson has always been n more interested in team successes than personal glory. Wilson is the Hawks leading scorer with 90 points in 77 games, but he'd be more comfortable talking about the achievements of others. His teammates honored him by naming him their most valuable player. He was also honored for being the team's top scorer and the booster club voted him most popular player. "The awards are nice, but not as nice as winning games," Wilson, 32, said. "I got the most points because I'm the only guy here to play all the games so far," he added. "Other guys could have won it, but there were call-ups and injuries. "It's nice to be recognized. The award that came from the team means a lot. It's special when your peers give an award." Sophomore centre Scott Schneider was named the team's most improved player. After scoring 12 goals and 23 assists last season, Schneider has fired 29 goals and 34 assists this year. He's a also been one of the team's best centres on face-offs. He is expected back this weekend after missing several weeks with a shoulder injury. Slick centre Alfie Turcotte was named the Hawks most sportsmanlike player. He has 64 points in 55 games with only 55 penalty minutes. Second-year defenceman Todd Flichel, who has led the plus/minus

statistics for much of the season, was named unsung hero of the team and goaltender Tom Draper, second in the AHL with 26 victories,, was named rookie of the year. An award for the team's best defenceman will be presented at the final home game of the season. The 'Hawks will play their final three regular season games this week, with Flichel, a goal Robin of avoiding Bartel, major Markku injuries. Kyllonen, Luciano Borsato, Scott Schneider and Mike Warus are all ailing with an assortment of injuries. Manager Larry Haley is attempting to fill out the roster with players from amateur teams in the area. Defenceman Matt Hervey will play for the parent Winnipeg Jets tonight and Wednesday in Los Angeles against the Kings. Hervey, a Whittier, Calif., native, is expected to rejoing the Hawks Thursday or Friday. The Hawks play Wednesday against Utica, Friday against New Haven and finish the season Sunday afternoon against Halifax. All games are at the Coliseum.
