# Portage Daily Register — 1989-08-16 — p.8

**Publication:** Portage Daily Register
**Date:** 1989-08-16
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Portage, Wisconsin
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/611836106/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22
**Image ID:** 611836106

## Paragraphs

PORTAGE Lee Realty made it official Tuesday night - the final evening of competition. Lee, riding Clark Schlender's five-hitter, blanked Village Pub 5-0 and in the process won the Portage Fastpitch Softball Association league championship. Lee finished the season with a 16-4 record. Service Drug Store took second with a 15-5 mark. The game was scoreless until the fourth inning when Lee erupted for a pair of runs. Jerry Kabele and Steve Jacobs led off with singles. After Donn Trinrud sacrificed both runners, Dave Tomlinson reached on an error. Bryan Albrecht then followed with a run-scoring double. Lee added two more in the fifth. Jeff Schlender and Tom Gray co collected base hits and both came home on a single by Jacobs. Mike Barreau's single drove home the final run in the sixth. Meanwhile, Clark Schlender struck out four Village Pub batters in going the distance. He allowed two doubles to Dave Howe. Lee Realty 5, Village Pub 0 Score by innings Village Pub 000 000 0 -05 Lee Realty 000 221 x - 5 9 Individual statistics

Top hittérs: Village Pub - Dave Howe 2X3, Joe Wescott 1x3, Ken Staveness 1x3, Ron Howe 1x1; 2b: Howe (2), Staveness. Lee Realty - Jerry Kabele 1x3, Steve Jacobs 2x3, Dave Tomlinson 1x1, Bryan Albrecht 1x3, Jeff Schlender 2X3, Tom Gray 1x2, Mike Nelson 1x1. 2b: Albrecht. FASTPITCH SOFTBALL WL FINAL Lee Realty 16-4 Service Drug Store 15-5 Fisherman's Cove 12-7 Party House 11-9 Village Pub 5-14 Trecek Chev-Olds 0-20 Tuesday's Result Lee Realty 5, Village Pub 0 End of season. Gastineau may try boxing VANCOUVER, British Columbia (AP) Former NFL Pro Bowl defensive end Mark Gastineau may announce Wednesday that he is planning a career in boxing, according to a family friend. **T think he's made up his mind he wants. to fight,' said Murray Pezim, a local businesseman and family friend who has offered his services as Gastineau's manager. Pezim said Tuesday the flamboyant lineman and his girlfriend, actress Brigitte Nielsen, were en route to Vancouver. The New York Jets placed Gastineau, who was known for his sack dance over fallen quarterbacks, on the reserve-retired list last October but still retain his playing rights. The 6-foot-5, 275-pound lineman, who entered the NFL in 1979, recorded 107½ sacks and was a five-time Pro Bowl selection. Gastineau is the second football player in recent months to contemplate a foray into the boxing ring. Offensive lineman Tony Mandarich, taken second overall in the NFL draft this year by the Green Bay has indicated a desire to Packers, take on world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson. Tyson's manager said Tuesday he was unimpressed by such offers.
