# The Province — 1989-09-17 — p.101

**Publication:** The Province
**Date:** 1989-09-17
**Page:** 101
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/502370011/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 502370011

## Paragraphs

the class coach with the last junior A club to bear the tag "Royals" in New Westminster. Among the veterans back are and high-scor- HOW THEY ing Frank Biller, Blaine Moore Greg Hadden. with 63 goals and 66 assists for 129 points Biller was the No. 3 scorer in the division LINE UP while Moore was 35-78-113 and Hadden added 51-55-106. Richmond went with a younger team last COASTAL DIVISION season and head coach Orland Kurtenbach Cowichan Valley Whalers that experience this Last season: 14-44-2 (sixth and last) hopes to capitalize on Coach: Joe Beggs season. Returnees: 13 Anchored by goaltender Mike Palma, the Ladner Penguins team has been bolstered by the return of (Formerly Chilliwack Eagles) left wing Rob Crema and Tim Coach: Dr. Ken Walters (interim) defenceman Last season: 18-42 (fifth) Krajnc from the University of Al- Returnees: 12 aska-Fairbanks. Both Crema and Kranjc are Nanaimo Clippers Lower Mainland products. The Sockeyes Last season: 32-25-3 (third) Coach: Bill Bestwick have also acquired offensive-minded centre Returnees: 10 Jeff Nottingham from Powell River. New Westminster Royals Junior A hockey's arrival in Ladner was Last season: 45-14-1 (first) Coach: John Olver more a matter of convenience than any- Returnees: 7-8 thing else. Powell River Paper Kings "As far as recruiting players, from a geo- Last season: 39-20-1 (second) graphical point of view it makes sense to Coach: Rick Hopper Returnees: 13 be in Ladner as opposed to Chilliwack,' Richmond Sockeyes explained team owner Ken Walters, who Last season: 33-27 (fourth) lives in Vancouver. Coach: Orland Kurtenbach Returnees: 11 "It was just a problem of getting them (players) there," he added of the long trip INTERIOR DIVISION to Chilliwack. Kelowna Spartans Geography is also a problem in Powell Last season: 24-34-2 (fourth) Coach: Eddy Beers River. Head coach Rick Hopper, another Returnees: 10 Bruins alumnus, doesn't have the easiest Merritt Centennials time attracting players to his community. Last season: 34-22-4 (second) "I have a harder time recruiting kids Coach: John Tent from the Lower Mainland than from Fair- Returnees: 9 banks, Alaska," said Hopper. Penticton Knights Last season: 16-42-2 (fifth and last) He's improving the situation with some Coach: Bob Robson novel ideas, one of which was a pre-season Returnees: 10-14 college camp where 106 players competed Vernon Lakers in a four-day tournament in front of scouts Last season: 40-19-1 (first, league from Brown University, the University of champion) Colorado College. Coach: Ernie Gare Lowell, Mass., and Returnees: 8 At the camp were players from Califor- Note - Salmon Arm (26-32-2, third) taking nia, Colorado, Alaska and the western one-year leave of absence. provinces. Included in camp were panel discussions player cards last season and will again try on scholarships and information seminars, to stick with their roster rather than shuall of which were also open to the players' ffle players in a season-long poker game. parents. In the Interior Division, Al Rushton
