# The Times — 1989-09-21 — p.15

**Publication:** The Times
**Date:** 1989-09-21
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Streator, Illinois
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/544639344/?match=1&terms=%22Steve%20Jaques%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 544639344

## Paragraphs

Basketball Houston Signed free-agent forwardcenter Darren Guest to a 1-year contract. Santa Barbara (CBA) Named Curt Pickering director of basketball operationsplayer personnel. College Drexel Named Bob Stephens assistant basketball coach. Louisiana State - Basketball forward Shawn Griggs declared academically ineligible. Football Cleveland - Waived wide receiver Ray Butler. Detroit - Signed defensive end Niko Noga and cornerback Michael Brim. NY Jets - Cornerback Kerry' Glenn agreed to a contract. Seattle con Placed linebacker Brian Bosworth on injured reserve. Washington Placed lineman Ralph Tamm on injured reserve; signed defensive tackle Mike Stensrud. Hockey Los Angeles Sent to New Haven of the American Hockey League: forwards Micah Aivazoff, Todd Logan, Sean Fitzgerald, Ed Krayer, Darryl Williams, Dave Pasin, Gordie Walker, Ross Wilson, John Van Kessel and Francis Breault; defensemen Tom Karalis, Eric Germain,

Darwin Bozek, Chris Panek, Scott Young, Tim Bothwell, Eric Ricard and Rene Chapdelaine and Kevin MacDonald; and goaltenders Carl Repp, John Hyduke and Ron Scott; sent defenseman Paul Holden to London of the Ontario Hockey League, defenseman Steve Jaques to Tri Cities of the Western Hockey league and Brent Thompson to Medicine Hat of the Western Hockey League. NY Rangers Signed goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck to a-3-year contract. St. Louis Signed left wing Gino Cavallini to multi-year contract; assigned to Peoria of the International Hockey League: goaltenders Rich Burchill, Rob Fournier and Guy Herbert, defensemen Rob Robinson, Scott Paluch and Robert Dumas and forwards Michel Mongeau, Terry MacLean, Richard Pion, Mike Wolak, Darwin McPherKevin Miehm, Darrin Smith, Kelly Chase, David O'Brien and Toby Ducolon.
