# The Vancouver Sun — 1989-03-22 — p.32

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1989-03-22
**Page:** 32
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495152785/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 495152785

## Paragraphs

By ELLIOTT PAP Like the little lamb tailing Mary, the B.C. Junior Hockey League's Coastal Division title seems to follow. Bruce Taylor wherever he sets up s shop. The Burnaby businessman has been either sole or part owner of five straight championships in three different locales. He began his run in 1985 with the Burnaby Bluehawks, won with the Richmond Sockeyes in '86, '87 and '88 and added his fifth Tuesday when the New Westminster Royals knocked off Powell River Paper Kings 7-5 in overtime to capture the best-of-seven final 4-3. "I've had heart flutters for the last four games," said a drained Taylor. "It' was scary." The 'scary' part was that New Westminster, heavily favored to take it all, trailed in the series 2-0 and 3-1. The Royals needed to win three straight to stay alive, no mean feat in any league. "We knew we had our backs to the wall but we've had too big of a year to give up," said Tony Bobbit, who netted the winner at 3:07 of the 10- minute extra period. "On goal, I had some time and fanned the shot a little. It wasn't a very good shot at all but it seemed to fool him (goalie Les Sirota) and it found the net. "It's one of the biggest goals I've ever scored." A shorthanded effort by Blaine Moore at 7:32 clinched the victory.
