# The Abbotsford News — 1989-01-25 — p.14

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1989-01-25
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/536779979/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 536779979

## Paragraphs

Clunker of a period Twenty eight games into their surprising season, the Abbotsford Pilots came up with a clunker of a period and it cost them dearly in West Coast Junior Hockey League action in Burnaby. The first Pilots led the second-place Bluehawks 3-2 at the end of 40 minutes Thursday night (Jan. 19) but gave up four unanswered goals to drop a 6-3 decision. Had they beaten the Bluehawks, the Pilots would have taken a lock on first place in league standings because the Bluehawks are now faltering. The win was their only one in their last four games, and Saturday night in Port Coquitiam were doubled 8-4 by the cellar-dwelling PoCo Buckaroos. Pilots netminder Jason Holt, who has led the league in goalsagainst and wins all season long, uncharacteristically let in a soft goal 23 seconds into the third period. Bluehawk Tony Bobbitt blew one by Holt with a slapshot from 10 feet outside the blueline and the Pilots proceeded to fall apart. The Bluehawks tallied again in the first minute to take a 4-3 lead. Four minutes later a defensive miscue gave Dean Methorst a lengthy breakaway for a shorthanded goal that sealed the game. The game came on the heels of another Pilot victory, their 23rd in 27 games, a 7-2 thumping of the North Shore Winter Club Tuesday night (Jan. 17) at MSA Arena. Leftwinger Trevor Harms broke out of a lengthy scoring drought to notch three goals. The line of Harms, Troy Campbell and Shane Cadwell, the league's top unit, had 13 points in the two games. Goaltender Darcy D'Amours had what coach Rick Irvine called "his best game of the season' against North Shore. Irvine put some of the blame for the collapse in Burnaby on the coaching staff, noting, "For some reason or another, we couldn't
