# The Sunday News — 1989-02-19 — p.48

**Publication:** The Sunday News
**Date:** 1989-02-19
**Page:** 48
**Location:** New Westminster, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/329208853/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 329208853

## Paragraphs

Herbert keeps Hawks on defensive Just like the song says, Rich Herbert is with anything happens in the way of pro tryouts, Burnaby Bluehawks 'for a good time, not a long then that's great. But I'm going to concentrate on time. school." The 21-year-old Maple Ridge resident joined Bluehawks' management team of Mike up with the West Coast Junior Hockey League Krgovich and Bruce Taylor, former owner of the team three weeks ago to bolster their line-up for Sockeyes and current New West Royals boss, the playoffs, which begin tonight. convinced Herbert to play for the remainder of Herbert, a defenceman, played five seasons this season. with Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western "I didn't think it would hurt," Herbert said. Hockey League before joining the BCIHL's "(The Bluehawks) look like they have a good Richmond Sockeyes in November, 1987. bunch of young guys. I'm just going to go out "I really didn't want to spend another winter and have fun and hopefully I can help the team. in Brandon," he said with a laugh. He already has. After finishing out the 87-88 season in In his first game as a Bluehawk Feb. 2, Herbert Richmond, Herbert decided to forget about scored once in Burnaby's 6-3 win over Seattle hockey for awhile to finish his high school Americans. education. "I hadn't been on the ice for five months and I "(I decided) to upgrade the high school felt a little rusty," Herbert admitted. "I even courses you always miss when you're playing 100 noticed a big difference between the first and games all over Western Canada," he said. third periods.' Herbert began thinking about life after hockey Krgovich realizes it will take time before shortly after he married wife, Darlene, nearly a Herbert hits his stride. But he's certainly happy year ago. He decided then to pursue a degree in with this most-recent acquisition. electrical engineering while attending UBC on a "He's going to be an asset," Krgovich said. hockey scholarship, beginning next September. "He's a little out of shape, (but) he was probably "School is going to be first from now on, but the best defenceman in the B.C. Junior League still enjoy playing (hockey)," Herbert said. "If last vear,
