# Nanaimo Daily News — 1989-01-11 — p.6

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1989-01-11
**Page:** 6
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325672908/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325672908

## Paragraphs

sure with the likes of Hodgins, Todd Finner, McDonald and St. Cyr before the penalty shot was called. Mark Fabbro, who centered a checking line with Dave McColm and Wally Bzdell all night, had a good chance in overtime, while Hodgins hit the post and McDonald shot wide from three feet out. Henry was penalized after pulling down Kent Cookman, who tried to grab a pass from Pruden just inside the Paper King blueline. "This was a big win for us after being hammered by New Westminster (13-1 Sunday)," said Bestwick. "We showed great intensity for two periods and were full value for the 5-2 lead. Then they capitalized on a* couple of giveways and the next thing we know, we're in a one-shot hockey game." Newcomer Wayne Stripp, signed Monday after being released by Richmond Sockeyes, enjoyed a productive debut with three assists. "Three assists, is that what he got?" asked Bestwick. "He's an excellent player. He's not pretty, but that's what he's going to do for

us. He'll be effective in our building. He's happy to be here and the players are happy he's here. Especially with our injury situation the way it is.' ICE CHIPS: Bestwick sat out his rookie line of Tom Arkell, Jamie Price and Dwain Finner for most of the third period and overtime, opting to use his more offensive lines and keep Fabbro's line against high scoring Judson Innes Clipper captain Sean Stotts visited the UBC Sports Medicine facility Monday and will be sidelined for two to four weeks, d depending on well his knee heals. He will wait until the offseason for surgery . . Kings' Todd Miller was ejected for throwing a few punches at St. Cyr after getting clipped by a St. Cyr high stick during a scramble in front of the Powell River net. St. Cyr received a major for high sticking Powell River may have lost sniper Jeff Nottingham for a few weeks as he went down with a knee injury. "The doctor said it doesn't look good," said Lewis . The Clippers host Richmond Sockeyes Friday night.
