# Nanaimo Daily News — 1989-03-06 — p.7

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1989-03-06
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325836638/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Talo%22
**Image ID:** 325836638

## Paragraphs

Jennings, Brad Dickson and Mark Kaufmann also had two goals each for Richmond. Gunnar Henrikson and Jeff Crossley had singles. Frank Biller had two goals for the Royals. Blaine Moore, Trevor Renkers and Don Dwyer had the others. Richmond's Mike Palma stopped 47 shots while New Westminster's Gord Besse made 31 saves. Jeff Kitsch scored three goals as the Centennials beat the Salmon Arm Tigers to win their series. Merritt, which outshot Salmon Arm 48-32, led 3-1 at the end first period and 4-1 at the end of the second. Chris Kaban and Bill Birks scored two goals each for the Centennials. Richard Blumer added a single. Greg Shulte and Wayne Kirbyson. scored for the Tigers. Todd Demchuk scored two goals, including the game-winner, to lead the Lakers to victory in Kelowna. Shawn Hendry, Duane Dennis, Dave Oliver and Garth Geddes added singles for Vernon. Rob Nutley and Scott Hargreaves scored two goals each for Kelowna. Brian Lofroth added a single. The teams were tied 2-2 at the end of the first period, but Vernon, which outshot Kelowna 33-31, led 5-2 by the end of the second. Saturday in Richmond, Sacha Pogor and Crossley scored two goals to give the Sockeyes their first win in the third game of their playoff against the Royals. from from Jason Talo Rob Sockeyes got single, goals Horvath.
