# The Times-Transcript — 1989-02-18 — p.29

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1989-02-18
**Page:** 29
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107194620/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107194620

## Paragraphs

• Rub photo Matt Hervey, right, of the Hawks ties up Larry Floyd of the Cape Breton Oilers at edge of crease during AHL

positive one for the Hawks and Su- he suffered a severe muscle honen, ending a two-game home sprain to his lower back. losing streak and moving into a "I'm feeling much better now," second-place tie with Halifax Cita- said Turcotte from the hospital at dels in the Northern Division, it midnight. "My back's very sore also provided the locals with an but after a few days I'll be back. anxious moment midway through The doctor said I just need a couthe third period. ple of days to rest it." Hawks high-scoring centre Alfie While Turcotte scored a pair of Turcotte, who broke open a close goals before being carried from 2-1 game with a pair of second- the ice, six others - defenceman period goals, appeared to be seri- Guy Gosselin, with his first of the ously injured midway through the year, Brent Hughes, Markku Kylthird period when Nicholas Beau- lonen, Guy Larose, Matt Hervey lieu, a big Oiler forward, fell on and Ron Wilson - scored one top of his back the two fell to each. the ice during a battle for the puck The Oilers, trailing 2-1 after the in front of the Cape Breton net. first period and 5-1 after two, reTurcotte laid motionless for ceived goals from Shawn Van Aleight minutes and was taken from len and Fabian Joseph. the ice on a stretcher and rushed When quizzed about a few othto the Moncton Hospital. ers things he liked, Suhonen menHowever, later in the evening he tioned goaltender Tom Draper, was moving and X-rays revealed who stopped 24 of 26 shots, and the
