# Whitehorse Daily Star — 1989-12-27 — p.29

**Publication:** Whitehorse Daily Star
**Date:** 1989-12-27
**Page:** 29
**Location:** Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/578842238/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 578842238

## Paragraphs

LOOKING UP - Bob House hopes the troubles are behind as he heads into the second half of the season. Canadians gear up The Kopper King Canadians next opposition is the Seattle Indians, KOPPER who come calling this Friday and KING Saturday. After losing twice to the 'AAA' Abbotsford Flyers their last time out, the Canadians will be looking for a couple of wins to get back on track in their buildup for the Coy •CANADIANS / Cup. The Canadians will host the Coy Other possible big names include Cup, the B.C. championships, Feb. Orland Kurtenbach, Dennis Verver28 to March 3. gaert and Paul Shmyr. After the Indians, the Canadians will host The Canucks are quite an operaplay to the Vancouver tion, along their own Canucks' Oldtimers, who feature as they pack announcer and referee. some prominent names from the Canucks' past. But first it's the Seattle Indians, Confirmed on the roster that will this Friday and Saturday at Takhini be here Jan. 5 and 6 are goaltenders Arena with the usual 7:30 p.m. start Dunc Wilson and Caesar Maniago, time. and skaters Larry Cahan, Garth The players and management of Rizzuto, John Grisdale, Jack Ritch- the Kopper King Canadians would ie, Jim Brown, Gary Lupul, Bob like to thank their fans for the Murray, Dave Duke and Ogden support they've given in 1989, and White. wish them the best in the new year. Atoms spend holidays in B.C. The Ackland's Atom AAs will spend the better part of their holiday in Langley, B.C. at an invitational hockey tournament. The atoms take off today for event, which features 16 teams from B.C. and the United States, along with the Yukoners. The team plays its first game tonight at 6:30 p.m. against Portland, Oregon, and further game times will be determined by virtue of a win or loss in the opener. Clubs are guaranteed four games. Coaching the youngsters will by Trevor Haggard, who says his club should be competitive. "By no means will we get blown away," said Haggard. "We have a good bunch of kids that may be small, but they work hard." Haggard said tournament organizers turned down several clubs wanting into the event, but chose Whitehorse and others, such as the Los Angeles Junior Kings, for a novelty approach. The tournament is labelled for Atom Bs, as they used in the U.S., but that is the same ranking as the double 'A' used in the Yukon and B.C. Making up the team are: Defence - Rick McLeod, Michael Eberts, Jeff Kormos, Jimmy Coxford, Patrick Kenny and the female representative, Nancy Sholtz; Forward - Ryan Kinney, Charro Osmond, Wes Marsh, Chris Nash, Jamie Cairns, Willie Mason (captain), Garret Wheeler (assistant captain), Jonathan Carlick and Ben Harper; Goaltender Chad Warren. 6,
