# The Vancouver Sun — 1989-10-06 — p.19

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1989-10-06
**Page:** 19
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494955011/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 494955011

## Paragraphs

Charlie Hodge, G - He was 15-13- 8 with the Canucks in the final season of a professional career that began in 1952-53. Today, Hodge, 56, lives in Surrey and works as a scout with the Pittsburgh Penguins. Dan Johnson, LW Johnson ended his career with Winnipeg Jets of the WHA. Now 45, he owns a jewelry store and gift shop in Fort Frances, Ont. Orland Kurtenbach, C - A father of six kids and grandfather of three, Captain Kurt, 53, operates a golf driving range and an insurance business and is coach of the B.C. Junior Hockey League's Richmond Sockeye/avne Maki, LW - Maki endured hell whenever the Canucks played the Boston Bruins, who were intent on avenging a sickening and much publicized stick-swinging incident involving Maki and the Bruins' Ted Green in 1969. Three years later, after complaining of excruciating headaches, Maki placed in hospital and a tumor was detected in his brain. He died on May 12, 1974, at age 29. A few days later the Canucks retired his number 11. Maki is the only Canuck player to have been SO honored.

CANUCKS 1970-71: Front row, from left: George Gardner, Dan Johnson, Ray Cullen, Lyman Walters (vice-president), Orland Kurtenbach, Tom Scallen (president), Gary Doak, Wayne Maki, Dunc Wilson. Middle row: William Winnett (vice-president), Bud Poile (general manager), Mike Corrigan, John Schella,

old defenceman at the time. "We were a ragtag bunch. We weren't even what you'd call adequate by the standards of the NHL at that time. But we were good workers and I think every one was good people." For $6 million, general manager Bud Poile got the right to select 18 players in the expansion draft who had had scored a grand total of 37 goals in the 1969-70 season. Poile, surveying the list of nonames, put his arms around coach Hal Laycoe and said, "There you are Hal, there's $6 million worth of talent. Don't mess it up." The Canucks got off to a quick start that year and were in fourth place two nights before Christmas. Then, in a game in Toronto, captain Orland Kurtenbach was crunched by the Leafs' Bobby Baun, Kurtenbach's knee was shredded and he missed the next 27 games. Without their leader, the Canucks floundered. Vancouver still ended up sixth with a 24-46-8 record for 56 points, one better than the Detroit Red Wings. But the placing cost the Canucks a chance to draft either Guy Lafleur or Marcel Dionne, the first two picks in the 1971 draft.
