# The Bismarck Tribune — 1989-02-11 — p.25

**Publication:** The Bismarck Tribune
**Date:** 1989-02-11
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Bismarck, North Dakota
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/346114989/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 346114989

## Paragraphs

Richard Dean Anderson, Howie Mandell, Tom Hanks, Ruth Pointer of The Pointer Sisters, Neil Diamond, Jaime Farr and Hal Linden. Thicke remembers being homesick for Kirkland Lake, Ontario, when he moved here in 1970. As a "hard core, ice roots, hockey fan,' the actor said he was surprised to see good seats available for hockey games. "In Toronto and Montreal, people leave season tickets in their will. So the notion of going to a game where good seats are available was unusual," he said. "I used to call up the Forum to ask if any seats were available and back then I used to ask, 'What time does the game start?' and it was the old joke, 'What time can you get here?' ' On his growing list of hockey initiates, Thicke includes Arsenio Hall, Sheena Easton and, of course, the entire cast of "Growing Pains." "It's not a new fashion trend to me," Thicke said. "I used to have to drag people by the ankles to a game." The Forum can hold 16,005 for hockey; the Kings were lucky to get 6,000 most nights. But after Gretzky signed on, season tickets, which go for $500 to $1,000, became a hot item. But the big question remains: What to see? Gretzky and the Kings or Magic and the Lakers? Wouldn't you know it, Gretzky met his wife at a Laker game.

Kelly: Considered hockey's best CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1D Kelly on Blues broadcasts. "He made the game so exciting," said Blues center As fate would have it, Kelly's second-to-last broadcast was a Blues-Flyers game in Philadelphia. "When he was announcing, you felt that Bernie Federko, who was one of Kelly's close friends. you were He knew he was seriously ill, but he made the trip anyway. And the Kelly loved not only broadcasting hockey, but also right there." Blues won. sharing office moments with the players and coaches. "The Blues have ended the long "Hei just enjoyed it said Al Arbour, jinx in Philadelphia," Kelly said. coach of the New York Islanders. "He was like one of "Can you believe it? At long last. the himself." Finally." Kelly players is survived by his wife, Fran, and six When he was broadcasting for children. His John has been working as a son national audiences, however, Kelly broadcaster for Madison Square Garden Network played it straight. working or doing play-by-play for the New York Rangers. Whether for CBS-TV, USA Network, ESPN a Canadian network, he'd give equal Kelly began his career in 1955, hosting a country emphasis to his signature call: "He music show and using CJET in the Smith's Falls, Ontario, a handle "Dangerous Dan" Kelly He scooores!" for radio station had great voice. shoots. Kelly was widely regarded as one small town about 50 miles from his home in Ottawa. His hockey broadcasting career began when he talked of the best at what he did. A profile in Sports Illustrated a few years ago said Kelly dominated his CJET management into sponsoring the local amateur sport like no other announcer. hockey team. He eventually moved up to announcing "There's the stout Irishman, and then there's the Montreal Canadiens games. rest of the hockey announcing universe," said the Kelly, who had been with the Blues for all but one of article's author, Sports Illustrated media critic their 22 seasons, is the second longtime employee of William Taaffe. the team to die of cancer recently. Kelly delivered the "I have never ever met a man in all my life who eulogy at the funeral of former Blues star and coach could describe a game like Dan Kelly," said Gus Kyle, Barclay Plager, who died Feb. 6, 1988, of a brain a former NHL player who spent several years with tumor.

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1D Mary's. Minot nailed down the elusive victory when heavyweight Marc Leslie pinned Jeff Reek in the final bout of the night. CHS had led 28-21 on the strength of Mike McCormick's forfeit victory at 171. Minot 171-pounder John Steen went to 189 where he defeated Ryan McCay, also wrestling up a weight, 4-1. That set the stage for Leslie, a junior who improved his record to 25-9 with 15 pins. Leslie, up 6-4 going into the final period, exploded for a reversal, takedown and three back points before putting away Reek. "I lost a match against Jamestown earlier this year and it cost us a dual so I owed them (his teammates) one," Leslie said. Vetter weighed in only his 13- man lineup, so he had no room to juggle his team, with the exception of forfeiting to McCormick, who is now 22-5. "We had to win two out of the - last three to win the dual no matter how many points we gave up at 171," Vetter said. "We felt we just had to win at 171 and get the three points. We felt we could get the pin

That's starting to hockey games, too, following years of fan apathy in a sun-drenched mecca more interested in Frisbee tournaments and seashore volleyball. But along came Gretzky and suddenly hockey is cool in Southern California. "The Lakers have always b been popular with a celebrity following 91 and with the Kings nobody cared,' said Thicke, who, like Gretzky, is a transplanted Canadian. The actor said he started to bring celebs to the games and even housed Gretzky during negotiations for the historic $15 million that brought Gretzky here from the Edmonton Oilers in August. "My association with hockey is more than just going to a game," Thicke said. "It doesn't even occur to me that it's a chic thing to do now." Hollywood producer Bruce McNall, the new owner of the Kings, threw a celebrity-studded coming out party for Gretzky attended by the likes of Michael J. Fox, John Candy, Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn. Also seen at Kings games: Kevin Costner, Billy Crystal, Scott Baio,

$ Jamestown tops CHS in hockey

Frantsvog, Minot, pinned Jason Kramer, 5:27. 135: Shawn Sheldon, CHS, dec. Matt Darling, 11-4. 140: Alan Hayes, Minot, drew with Jason Hoge, 5-5. 145: Scott Wahlberg, Minot, dec. Brian McCollum, 8- 2. 152: Steve Demers, Minot, pinned Matt Soule, 5:42. 160: Matt Geiger, CHS, dec. Jason Arndt, 9-1. 171: Mike McCormick, CHS, won by forfeit. 189: John Steen, Minot, dec. Ryan McCay, 4-1. Heavyweight: Marc Leslie, Minot, pinned Jeff Reek, 5:19. Records: Minot 9-5, 3-1 WDA; CHS 5-3, 2-2 WDA.

Jeff Stolp replaced him after Eisenhut's second goal. Stolp made two saves. Minnesota fell to 24-6 in the conference and 26-8 overall, while North Dakota improved to 18-13 and 20- 14. NHL HOCKEY KINGS 7, CAPITALS 6: Luc Robitaille scored his second goal of the game 1:39 into overtime to lift Los Angeles Kings. John Tonelli fired a slap shot from the blueline that was stopped by Washington goalie Clint Malarchuk. But the rebound came free and Robitaille pushed the puck over the goal line for the game-winner. Los Angeles, which squandered a 4-1 second-period lead, had pulled even at 6-6 with 11:26 remaining in regulation time on a goal by Wayne Gretzky, who also had two assists. CANUCKS 5, SABRES 4: Tony Tanti had a goal and two assists to lead the Vancouver Canucks, who snapped a four-game losing streak. Paul Reinhart, Jim Benning, Trevor Linden and David Bruce were the other Vancouver scorers. BLACKHAWKS 3, ISLANDERS 1: Alain Chevrier continued his hot goaltending, stopping 27 shots for Chicago.

Jamestown scored the game's final five goals on the way to a 6-1 victory over Bismarck Century in West Region high school hockey Friday at VFW All Seasons Arena. Mark Hanna broke a 1-1 tie with the first of his two goals at 13:21 of the second period and the Blue Jays added four more goals in the final 15 minutes against busy CHS goaltender Mike Bumann. Bumann made 38 saves, 17 in the final period after helping keep the score close for two stanzas and more than nine minutes of the Coyotes:

COLLEGE HOCKEY UND 9, MINNESOTA 0: Jason Herter set up three goals and goaltender Chris Dickson stopped 24 shots as North Dakota beat Minnesota 9-0 on Friday to break a six-game hockey losing streak against the Gophers in Grand Forks. "Chris played super. He made the big stops in the first five minutes. Minnesota made some great plays tonight and Dickson was right there," said Gino Gasparini, UND coach. Neil Eisenhut, Brent Bobyck and Justin Duberman scored goals within a three-minute span, each with an assist from Herter, in the first period as the Sioux broke on top against the Western Collegiate Hockey Association leaders. The first two tallies were on power plays. Dixon Ward scored at the 15:22 mark to give UND a 4-0 lead at the close of the first period. After a scoreless second stanza, the Sioux exploded for five more goals in the third, including Eisenhut's second goal at the 9:23 mark. Mike LaMoine, Lee Davidson, Russ Parent and Grant Paranica also added goals in the final period. "The good news is that they didn't get 10 ... if there was one player who did us in it was the goalie. They could have scored one tonight and won anyway," said Doug Woog, Minnesota coach. Minnesota's Robb Stauber stopped 19 shots before
