# The Boston Globe — 1989-10-29 — p.70

**Publication:** The Boston Globe
**Date:** 1989-10-29
**Page:** 70
**Location:** Boston, Massachusetts
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/439758953/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22
**Image ID:** 439758953

## Paragraphs

Boston University overcame a 3-1 deficit with four seond-period goals to turn back Colgate, 5-4, last night in Hamilton, N.Y. Jamie Cooke's goal eight seconds into the second period was the third straight for Colgate after freshman Dave Dahlberg gave the Terriers a 1-0 lead at 6:29 of the opening period. BU began its comeback with Joe Sacco's goal at 3:25 and the Terriers tied it on Shawn McEachern's goal at 10:05. Marc Dupere's second goal of the game at 12:29 regained the lead for Colgate before Dave Tomlinson and freshman Tony Amonte got it back for BU with late second-period scores. Lowell 6, Kent State 4 - Craig Charron and Scott MacPherson each scored two goals to spark Lowell in Kent, Ohio. Lowell took charge with three consecutive second-period goals by MacPherson, Charron and Gerry Daley that broke a 1-1 tie. Kent State got back in it when Ross Antonini's goal late in the second period, and Pete Calliri's score early in the third period cut Lowell's lead to 4-3. Maine 6, Michigan-Dearborn 3 - Martin Robitaille collected a goal and three assists to spark Maine in Orono. Freshmen Jim Montgomery and Jean-Yves Roy and sophomores Mike Barkley, Keith Carney and Scott Pellerin also scored for Maine. Carney broke open a 2-1 game when he beat MichiganDearborn goalie Dave Church on the short side from the top of the faceoff circle. Mark Spease, Dave O'Kragly and Brian Dawson scored for Michigan-Dearborn. Scott King stopped 16 shots in the Maine net while Church had 19 saves. New Hampshire 5, Vermont 3 - UNH snapped a 2-2 tie with three third-period goals in Durham, N.H. Mark McGinn, Joe Flanagan and Chris Winnes scored for UNH, with Winnes' goal giving the Wildcats a two-goal edge with 1:09 remaining. Ricker Love scored a pair of second-period goals for Vermont that gave the Catamounts a short-lived 2-1 lead. Merrimack 4, St. Cloud 3 - Ed Locke's second goal of the game with 1:04 remaining provided Merrimack with the victory in St. Cloud, Minn. Yannick Gosselin was busy in goal for Merrimack, making 46 saves. Clarkson 11, McGill 2 - Mark Tretowicz had a hat trick, and eight other players scored for Clarkson at Potsdam, N.Y.

BU, 5-4 at Hamilton, N.Y. BU (1-0) ..... 4 0-5 Colgate (0-1) 2 2 0-4 Scoring: BU, Dave Dahlberg (Petteri Koskimaki, Peter Ahola) 6:29; C, Marc Dupere (Dale Band, Jason Greyerbiehl) 9:25; C, Joel Gardner (Jamie Cooke. Greyerbiehl) 13:28; C, Cooke (Greyerbiehl, Band) :08; BU, Joe Sacco (Shawn McEachern, Mike Sullivan) 3:25; BU, McEachern (Sacco, Sullivan) 10:05; C, Dupere (unassisted) 12:29; BU, Dave Tomlinson (Mike Bavis, Alexendre Legault) 14:26; BU, Tony Amonte (Mark Brownschidle, Dahlberg) 18:27.
