# The Times-Transcript — 1989-03-14 — p.35

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1989-03-14
**Page:** 35
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107190778/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107190778

## Paragraphs

Hawks vs. Mariners 7:30 p.m. tonight at Moncton Coliseum Maine Mariners Moncton Hawks (27-36-7 record, 5th North) (35-29-6 record, 3rd North) Coach: Mike Milbury Coach: Alpo Suhonen NHL affiliate: Boston Bruins NHL affiliate: Winnipeg Jets GP G A Pts Pea GP G A Pts Pim Steve Tsujiura 70 48 61 Ron Wilson Darren Lowe 68 26 43 Scott Schneider Paul Beraldo 127 Alfie Turcotte 23 Ray Podloski 3 38 57 Paul Boutilier Carl Mokosak Guy Larose Paul Guay Stu Kulak 24 Scott Drevitch Mark Kumpel 18 Scott Harlow Boutilier Markku Kyllocen 13 19 David Jensen Matt Hervey 32 Jeff Lamb Todd Flichel Randy Smith Neil Meadmore Don Sweeney Moe Lemay Alain Cote Chris Norton Dale Dunbar Sean Clement Stephane Quintal 16 Guy Gosselin Mike Neill 188 Darren Boyko Dan Dorion Robin Bartel Peter Buckridge Len Nielsen Norm Foster Daniel Berthiaume Tom McComb Alain Tousegnant John McLean Luciano Borsato O Mike Jeffrey 40 19 GOALTENDERS MP GA 80 AV GOALTENDERS Tom Draper 2662 155 2 3.49 Min GA SO GA Daniel Berthiaume 769 58 0 4.53 Norm Foster 1998 132 0 3.96 Records - Draper 26-15-3, Berthiaume 5-6-1. Mike Jeffrey 2174 138 0 3.81 Terry Taillefer 71 11 0 9.30 Records - Foster 12-15-5, Jeffrey 15-20-2, Taillefer 0-1-0. Tsujiura LAST TIME OUT: The Mariners are coming off a 7-4 loss in peg Jets. Halifax Sunday night. The Hawks have been idle since last Scott Schneider is still sidelined with a shoulder injury and Thursday, when they won 42 in Cape Breton. Mike Warus is on the shelf with a bad back. Still in Winnipeg are SEASON SERIES: Hawks lead the eight-game season series Brad Jones and Brent Hughes. with a Wednesday, teams play tonight then complete the Newcomer Luciano Borsato is expected to arrive from Europe series night at the Coliseum. today. INJURIES/ROSTER CHANGES: The Mariners have traded SUMMARY/COMMENTS: The Mariners still have an outside veteran winger Taylor Hall to Newmarket for future consider- chance at catching New Havne for the fourth and final playoff ations. Ron Flockhart has been recalled by the NHL Boston spot. However, they will have to win virtually win every remainBruins and defenceman John McLean has signed an amateur ing game. The Hawks say they must establish some sort of tryout contract. winning streak in order to prepare for the Northern Division' Returning from injuries for the Hawks tonight will be Neil playoffs. The return of some key players from injuries should Meadmore, Matt Hervey and Stu Kulak. Goaltender Tom Draper spark the Hawks tonight, who have had a tough time on home ice has been reassigned to the Hawks from the NHL parent Winni- recently.
