# Nanaimo Daily News — 1989-01-16 — p.7

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1989-01-16
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325673300/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 325673300

## Paragraphs

By The Canadian Press Penticton Knights put together a three-win weekend Sunday but they needed an overtime goal from Mike Tavaroli to subdue the Salmon Arm Tigers 7-6. In other games, the Merritt Centennials bested the Cowichan Valley Whalers 4-2, the Richmond Sockeyes downed the Chilliwack Eagles 10-3 and the Powell River Paper Kings beat the New Westminster Royals 8-3. In Osoyoos, Tavaroli scored at 4:04 of overtime while Mike Zambon tallied twice in regulation to pace the Knights. Penticton got its other goals from Nigel Creightney, Scott Levins and Brad Fallis. The Tigers were led by- Joe Snyder with two goals. Terrance Head, Kevin Clayton, Andy Ernst and Rod Ewacha were the other scorers for Salmon Arm which trailed 5-0 after the first period. In Merritt, Chris Kaban scored twice and both goalies sparkled as the Centennials downed the Whalers. Bill Birks and Brad Loring got the other goals for Merritt while Dale Walsh and Derek Johnstone replied for the losers. Whaler netminder Jason Bilous turned in a 54-save performance in a losing effort while Willy MacDonald blocked 32 shots for Merritt. Just about everybody got into the scoring act in Richmond. Dan Kesa was the only Sockeye to score twice as nine Richmond players shared the goal-getting. Also scoring for the winners were Jason Talo, Sascha Pogor, Gunnar Henrickson, Mark Kaufmann, Bill MacGillivray, Dan Richards, Rob Horvath and Ron Bhala. Justin George, Barclay Parneta and Jason Reisinger replied for the Eagles who were outscored 4-0 in the final 20 minutes. Trent Pankewicz scored twice to pace the Paper Kings their onesided win over the visiting Royals. Powell River also got goals from Todd Miller, Kevin Brown, Dean Malkoc, Shane Henry, Jamie Burt and Scott Frizzell. Tony Bobbitt and Blaine Moore counted for the Royals.
