# Nanaimo Daily News — 1989-12-28 — p.7

**Publication:** Nanaimo Daily News
**Date:** 1989-12-28
**Page:** 7
**Location:** Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/325693113/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 325693113

## Paragraphs

10 - Nanaimo Quarterway Hotel United lost its opening game in the premier division, to Chez Pierre. Vancouver Island, Soccer League Laurie Grey scored the lone Nanaimo goal. 12 Todd Mason of Nanaimo Coast Tractor Midget A Timbermen named winner of the 1989 Lacrosse Boy award. 15 Seven different players scored as Nanaimo Clippers opened their 1989 BCJHL season with a 7-2 romp over Cowichan Valley Warriors. 16 - Malaspina Mariners lost 2-1 to BCIT Cougars in BCCAA men's soccer play in the league opener for both teams. Mark Mernet scored for the Mariners. 17 - • Campbell River squeezed out an 18-16 victory over Nanaimo Hornets in the opening weekend of the Vancouver Island Rugby Union. Nanaimo once trailed 15-3. 19 - Nanaimo Clippers and Richmond Sockeyes racked up 477

minutes in penalties in their first of eight head-to-head meetings inthe BCJHL this season. Richmond won the game 5-1. Ten Clippers were tossed from the game with fighting majors. 20 - Ian Harper of Nanaimo fired a one under par 71 to earn a share of the first-round lead in the CPGA assistants Championship at the Hecla Island, Manitoba course. 21 - Jim Lessard and Clayton Fahey of Nanaimo Clippers, along with three members of the Richmond Sockeyes, were handed league suspensions after 477 penalty minutes were handed out in a recent BCJHL game. Lessard received a two-game suspension while Fahey will sit out a single game. 22 - Lee Saunders scored at 4:32 of overtime to lift the Nanaimo Clippers to a 6-5 victory over Richmond Sockeyes. Chris Kaban and Bart Turner both scored twice in the game. 24 - Nanaimo Tom Harris Tigers improved to 3-0 in Lower Island Women's (Division One) Soccer Association play by burying Gorge Molsons 8-3. Silvana Burtini scored five goals in the victory. 25 - Nanaimo Redmen lost their fourth straight game in Vancouver Island Midget Football League dropping a 16-8 decision to Cowichan Chiefs. Mark Fabbro capped a -goal third period with 20 seconds remaining as the Nanaimo Clippers scored a 7-6 victory over Gowichan Valley Warriors. Nanaimo trailed 6-3 entering the third period. 28 - Stephen Watson of Qualicum fell three shots short of qualifying for the Canadian Professional Golf Association at the qualifying tournament in Ashburn, Ontario. Watson fired a fourth-round 78, six over par, for a final score of 311. The top 20 golfers advanced, with 308 the cutoff. 29 - Nanaimo Clippers scored six powerplay goals enroute to dumping Kelowna Spartans 8-1. Chris Kaban scored three goals in the win.
