# The Vancouver Sun — 1989-10-06 — p.43

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1989-10-06
**Page:** 43
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494954642/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 494954642

## Paragraphs

A CANUCKS 1970-71: Front row, from left: George Gardner, Dan Johnson, Ray Cullen, Lyman Walters (vice-president), Orland Kurtenbach, Tom Scallen (president), Gary Doak, Wayne Maki, Dunc Wilson. Middle row: William Winnett (vic Bud Poile (general manager), Mike Corrigan, John Schella, Barry Wilkins, Charlie Hodge, Paul Popeil, Bobby Schmautz, Garth Rizzuto, Hal Laycoe (coach), Babe Pratt. Top row: Greg Douglas (public relations director), Ed Shamlock (trainer), Andre Boudrias, Rosaire Palement, Pat Quinn, Dale Tallon, Murray Hall, Ted Taylor, Bill Gray (trainer), Miles Desharnais.

Frances, Ont. Orland Kurtenbach, C - A father of six kids and grandfather of three, Captain Kurt, 53, runs a golf driving range, an insurance business and is coach of the B.C. Junior Hockey League's Richmond Sockeyes. Wayne Maki, LW - Maki endured hell whenever the Canucks played the Boston Bruins, who were intent on avenging a sickening and much publicized stickswinging incident involving the Bruins' Ted Green in 1969. Three years later, after complaining of excruciating headaches, Maki was placed in hospital and a tumor was detected in his brain. He died on May 12, 1974, at age 29. A few days later the Canucks retired his number 11. Maki is the only Canuck player to have been so honored. Rosaire Paiement, RW - When

goals in the 1969-70 season. Poile, surveying the list of nonames, put his arms around coach Hal Laycoe and said, "There you are Hal, there's $6 million worth of talent. Don't mess it up.' The Canucks got off to a quick start that year and were in fourth place two nights before Christmas. Then, in a game in Toronto, captain Orland Kurtenbach was crunched by the Leafs' Bobby Baun, Kurtenbach's knee was shredded and he missed the next 27 games. Without their leader, the Canucks floundered. Vancouver ended up sixth with a 24-46-8 record for 56 points, one better than the Detroit Red Wings. But the placing cost the Canucks a chance to draft either Guy Lafleur or Marcel Dionne, the first two picks in the 1971 draft. When Poile was stocking the fledging Canucks he made sure he had a team you didn't mess with. In addition to Kurtenbach, the Canucks had Quinn, rock -hard Gary Doak, John Schella, Ted Taylor, Bobby Schmautz, a 165-pound buzzsaw, and Rosie Paiement, a heavy puncher who had two decisions over Bobby Orr in front of an appalled I Boston Garden crowd. The first -year Canucks had six 20- goal scorers and kept Pacific Coliseum jammed by winning 17 of their 24 games at home and drew 653,898 fans, 97.5 per cent of total capacity.
