# Standard-Freeholder — 1990-04-10 — p.11

**Publication:** Standard-Freeholder
**Date:** 1990-04-10
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Cornwall, Cornwall, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1061749895/?match=1&terms=%22Orland%20Kurtenbach%22
**Image ID:** 1061749895

## Paragraphs

toeIt was suggested by this corre- Sports Editor to-toe with the league heavies, the spondent that Clark's reputation guys who need 200 penalty minas a National Hockey League division that his man would not be utes a season to keep their jobs. tough guy has been inflated this willing to duke it out with: Kordic, Our excluseason with the shameful beating Ewen, Kocur (Clark's cousin, by sion of Clark up of a couple of feather weights. the way), Manson, Hatcher, Van from the It was further suggested that Dorp... The Barbarian, aka Shawn NHL's top 10 W.C. this season is picking his Cronin of the Jets, was not men- pugilist rankfights, or at best being a little tioned but that probably was an ings vexed more cautious. oversight. Clark fan Clark, it was noted, appeared to Fan number two was more forth- number one. have enhanced his reputation right. "Are you nuts or what," he Clark, he with a quick kayo of New Jersey muttered. "Clark is best claimed__ deDevils' defenceman Viacheslav fighter in the NHL. with serves to be in Fetisov in a regular season scrim- anybody, anytime, anywhere,' Clark the All-TIME mage. Clark took exception to : a That kind of talk make top five: Howe, Ferguson, Jonacheck by Fetisov. coach Doug Carpenter cringe. than, Schoenfeld and Clark in no In the first playoff game, he In past campaigns, that will- particular order. John Wensink punched out St. Louis Blues' de- ingness to brawl has been Clark's and Orland Kurtenbach receive fenceman Mike Lalor. That one weak spot. He has tried to com- honorable mention. clicked cheerleader Harry Neale, bine the pugilist and scorer roles, Now, let's not get carried away. the former coach turned broad- much to the delight of opposition Jonathan? Schoenfeld? Clark? caster, into gear. Neale instantly coaches. Gimme a break. pound the "pound in the John Brophy did little to harness Those guys are pikers compared proclaimed Clark for toughest player his feisty left winger. If anything, to Howe and Ferguson. What NHL." Brophy encouraged it, which re- about the all-time meanie Eddie Neale seemed to fired up by the duced Clark to the mundane role Shore. And Leapin' Lou Fontilicking Clark laid on Lalor after of foot soldier. The ancient adage nato. But, let's not off that the Blues' defenceman gave the is that can't from the get on you score one. Leaf a close shave with his stick.. penalty box. And in Clark's case, Lalor and Fetisov are no more the infirmary is to be included. Fan number threw in this one: fighters than Peewee Herman. OHIP has good reason to drool How many Nordiques does it take Tough guys with nothing to prove over any news that Clark might to stop an onrushing forward? would have taken note of their jer- be traded. Answer: I don't know. They sey numbers for what Gordie Not only did Clark take some haven't found out yet. Howe called, "future consider- pretty good licks in his role
