# The Bismarck Tribune — 1990-02-24 — p.14

**Publication:** The Bismarck Tribune
**Date:** 1990-02-24
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Bismarck, North Dakota
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/346099387/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 346099387

## Paragraphs

By ABE WINTER Tribune Sports Editor GRAND FORKS - Bismarck came closer than in two previous matchups with Jamestown, but the final result was the same - a loss. Jamestown edged the Demons 3- 2 in the consolation bracket of the state high school hockey tournament Friday. Earlier this season, the Blue Jays topped BHS by 6-0 and 5-2 margins. "It was a very even, hard-fought hockey game. The only edge we had was the one extra goal," said Dana Carlson, Jamestown coach. Jamestown will play Fargo South, a 5-1 winner over Fargo North, for fifth place at 1 p.m. Saturday. BHS ended its season with a 13- 10-1 record. South 5, North 1 The Bruins ended the season for the Saprtans as Paul Albrecht scored two goals and John Kosobud added a goal and two assists. Jeff Lovell and Scott Kochinski had one goal each for South, which improved its record to 9-14-1. The lone goal for North was scored by Matt Johnson. South goaltender Ben Rott finished with 23 saves. Matt Fowler turned aside 27 shots for North, which closed at 12-12. Fargo South. 2 1 2 5

HAWKS 112, PISTONS 103: Moses Malone led a balanced attack with 20 points and 10 rebounds as the Atlanta Hawks snapped the NBA's longest winning streak of the season at 13 games with a victory over the Detroit Pistons. NUGGETS 121, CLIPPERS 112: Alex English hit four straight Denver baskets en route to 27 points, helping the Nuggets hold off a late rally by the Los Angeles Clippers. The Clippers, trailing 105-89 with 6:32 left, scored six; consecutive points before English started his hot streak. Los Angeles twice closed the gap to five points, the last time at 112-107, but English responded with a couple of running jumpers from the baseline. HEAT 128, KNICKS 121: Miami set a franchise record for points in regulation and Sherman Douglas scored 28 points to lead four Heat players with 20 or more in a victory over the New York Knicks. Despite hitting a record 62.4 percent of their shots, 53-of-85, and leading by 26 points midway in the fourth period, Miami had to withstand a late rally by the Knicks, who scored 45 fourth-quarter points. A 16-3 New York burst that featured seven of Mark Jackson's 27 points enabled the Knicks to close the gap to 113-100 with 3:38 left in the game. SONICS 97, KINGS 85: Quintin Dailey scored 20 points in his first start and Michael Cage had 15 points and 20 rebounds as the Seattle SuperSonics rolled over the Sacramento Kings. Dailey was signed to a contract for the remainder of the season Thursday and responded by making 10 of 17 shots from the field. NHL HOCKEY RANGERS 6, CAPITALS 3: Rookie Mike

State Hockey Tournament at Grand Forks Semifinal Grand Forks Red Central River 4, 5, Minot Grafton 3 2 Consolation Fargo South 5, Fargo North Jamestown 3, Bismarck 2

Hockey

Glenn Shupe, a sophomore, had dropped a tough match to Meyer in the West Region finals six days earlier, but said he figured he had a shot at Meyer. "I studied tapes of him and I just had to go out there and try to stay with him," Shupe said. "But I was kind of nervous knowing he was undefeated and he's a senior and he's been here before." Carl Shupe said Glenn's triumph provided a big boost in his 135- pound matchup with Kringlie. "It's really an emotional lift when your brother beats the undefeated No. 1 seed," Carl said. And I knew I had to pull this one out It's my senior year and I needed this one." Joining the two Shupes and Sheldon in tonight's finals for Century will be 171-pounder Mike McCormick, who breezed to two pins on Friday, and 130-pounder Mike Seeger, who rang up two pins and a major decision. All in all, a great day for McCollum. "We had an excellent day," he said in summary.

1:05 p.m. Philadelphia at Chicago, 1:35 p.m. Winnipeg at Buffalo, 6:05 p.m. St. Louis at Montreal, 6:05 p.m. Edmonton at Calgary, 7 p.m. Golf Los Angeles Open Mike Allen 63-68-131-11 Rocco Mediate 65-67-132-10 Tony Sills 70-64-134-8 Peter Jacobsen 65-69-134-8 Gil Morgan 67-67-134-8 Craig Stadler 68-66-134-8 Donnie Hammond 70-65-135-7 Fred Couples 68-67-135-7 Transactions BASEBALL American BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Agreed to terms with Eric Bell and Bob Milacki, pitchers, and Mike Brumley, infielder, on one- year contracts. BOSTON RED Signed Randy Kutcher, infielder, and John Marzano, catcher, to one year contracts. KANSAS CITY ROYALS- -Announced that Dean Taylor, assistant general manager, has resigned to join the baseball commissioner's office as administrator of baseball. Named Jay Hinrichs assistant general manager. National League MONTREAL -Agreed to terms with Delino DeShields, infielder, and Howard Farmer, pitcher, on one-year contracts. BASKETBALL National Basketball Association SACRAMENTO KINGS- -Activated Pervis Ellison, center forward, from the injured list. Placed Michael Jackson, guard, on the injured list. FOOTBALL National Football League BUFFALO BILLS- -Announced -that Ted Cottrell, defensive line coach, has resigned to accept a similar position with the Phoenix Cardinals. CLEVELAND BROWNS-Named Mike Faulkiner defensive assistant. NEW YORK JETS- Named Ed Donatell defensive assistant. Signed Brett Millen, offensive tackle, and Glenn Antrium, wide receiver. Reinstated Brian Washington, safety, from the reserve-leftsquad list. PITTSBURGH STEELERS ERS-Signer Carlton Haselrig, nose HOCKEY National Hockey League NEW JERSEY DEVILS-Recalled Paul Ys sebaert, center, from Utica of the American Hockey League. ST. LOUIS BLUES- Recalled Michel Mongeau, center, from Peoria under emergency conditions.

Television Saturday ESPN: College basketball: Creighton vs. Bradley, 11 a.m. KBMY: Pro golf: Chrysler Cup, second round MSC: College basketball: Northwestern vs. Michigan, noon ESPN: Pro tennis: U.S. Indoors, p.m...... KXMB: College basketball: Louisville VS. UNLV, 1 p.m. KBMY: Pro Bowlers Tour, 2 p.m. MSC: College basketball: Ohio State vs. Purdue, 2 p.m. ESPN: College basketball: North Carolina vs. Clemson, 3 p.m. KFYR: College basketball: Georgia Tech vs. Notre Dame, 3 p.m. KXMB: College basketball: Pro golf: Los Angeles Open, 3 p.m. KBMY: ABC Wide World of Sports: Bud Man Ironman Triathion, 3:30 p.m. KFYR: High school hockey: North Dakota State Tournament at Grand Forks, 6 p.m. ESPN: College baseball: USC vs. Stanford, 6:30 p.m. WGN: College basketball: DePaul vs. St. John's, 6:30 p.m. TBS: College basketball: Hawks vs. Rockets, 6:35 p.m. MSC: College basketball: Minnesota vs. Iowa, 7 p.m. ESPN: College basketball: Wyoming vs. Utah, 10:30 p.m.

171 Pounds First Round Mike McCormick, Century, bye. Eric Rokke, Fargo South, def. Erick Jorgenson, Jamestown, 11-10. Paul Schmitz, Wahpeton, bye. Shannon Myogeto, West Fargo, def. Ray Schultz, Minot, 10-0. Rick Block, Mandan, bye. Colby Carter, Dickinson, pinned Mark Hoovestol, Bismarck, 1:4. James McGough, Valley City, pinned Eric Gould, G.F. Central, 3:06. David Ripplinger, Rugby, bye. Second Round McCormick pinned Rokke 1:03. Schmitz by default over Myogeto. Block by default over Carter. Kipplinger def. McGough 4-2.
