# The Vancouver Sun — 1990-05-11 — p.47

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1990-05-11
**Page:** 47
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/494940692/?match=1&terms=%22Bruce%20Taylor%22%20Sockeyes
**Image ID:** 494940692

## Paragraphs

tier two championships. see him play in a sixth decade. And there is every likelihood he will Howe began his incredible pro exit a winner. 1940s, the same decade Minoso Of the 100 or so players in the ball's major leagues. The White tournament, Wolf also has a future no apologies about Minoso's brighter than most. He has already "The appearance. NHL It's didn't strictly think a it publicity been drafted - - - - - - - - - a ninth-round selec- was a tion by Pittsburgh and attended me to play one game in the '90s Dave King's national team He should be left up to the fans," said camp. has three major junior old legend. "Somehow they should years experience with the Victoria Cou- going to check with Wayne and a European option because what he thinks. gars his father is a native of Germany. "I know Bruce McNall (L.A. was all excited about the idea but So it begs the obvious... . . . . . what's a talent like Wolf detour heard about it and said, 'Hey, you doing on a us."" like this? "Pittsburgh didn't offer me a contract so I headed to the Olympic but the Penguins didn't think it was team training camp in mid-August," a good idea because they wouldn't began Wolf, who will be on display be able to follow me." tonight as the favored Royals meet The Cougars, who still retained Longueuil Sieurs in one Centennial his major junior rights, were adaCup semi-final. Vernon Lakers and mant they weren't going to move Nipawin Hawks are the other semi- him unless he reported. Wolf finally final protagonists. did and lasted three excruciating "I thought playing for the Olympic games. team would be better than going to "I couldn't go through a losing the minors," continued Wolf. "I son in Victoria," he said with a seathought it would be an easy shot for pained expression. "Losing really me to make the team but Dave King screws up your mind. The p.r. man cut me in October and told me the was the coach and I didn't think I Cougars had been calling and would learn anything there. But the wanted me back." Cougars wouldn't trade me so I went Wolf took one look at the 5-65-2 home to Richmond. They phoned me disaster shaping up and said no every day figuring I had no place thanks. else to go. "I asked for a trade right away, I "It was a really bad scene." wanted a new atmosphere," he Wolf had a connection, though. His explained. "We had thought about older brother Eric had been an Pittsburgh's farm team in Muskegon assistant coach on the 1987 Centenbut the timing was really bad nial Cup champion Richmond Sockbecause they had just signed all eyes. The owner of the Sockeyes was their players. Then Dave King said Bruce Taylor, the same Taylor who he could get me a spot in Germany now owns the Royals.
