# Tri-City Herald — 1990-01-14 — p.9

**Publication:** Tri-City Herald
**Date:** 1990-01-14
**Page:** 9
**Location:** Pasco, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/821670542/?match=1&terms=%22Steve%20Jaques%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 821670542

## Paragraphs

Next home game: the Americans Jan. 28, 6 p.m. fell to 20-19-3 and vs. Swift Current in third place in the Western Division. Kamloops, the West leader and the No. 1 rated team in the Canadian Hockey League, improved to 36-8-0. The Americans now play their next four games on the road, beginning Wednesday in Portland. Hitchcock didn't mention the officiating. and WHL on-ice officials are not allowed to talk to media. But Kozuback pointed out an Americans' breakaway opportunity late 1 in the second period in which Brian Sakic got undressed on his way toward Kamloops goaltender Corey Hirsch. Sakic tumbled to the ice and wound up in the net with Hirsch. No whistle. "Brian Sakic doesn't draw a penalty shot on that play." said Kozuback in disgust. "The cleanest player in the league gets hauled down and there's not even a penalty?" Hitchcock said that Americans' leading scorer Stu Barnes appeared tired and frustrated in the third period. His high-sticking penalty at 4:06 led to Brian Shantz' power-play goal at 8:20, which put Kamloops ahead 5-3. Barnes later got into a slashing duel with Shantz as both went to the box. "Barnes still looks really wiped out, said Hitchcock. alluding t to Barnes return from the World Junior Championships in Finland earlier this week. Hitchcock said Mike Needham, a teammate of Barnes on that title team "is still wiped." After t trailing Kamloops early in the second period, the Americans sailed into the second intermission

Kamloops Coach Ken Hitchcock called it "one of the top three road games we've played all year." Tri-City Coach Rick Kozuback considered it one of the worst officiated games his team has played. The result - Kamloops 6, Americans "I really feel the officiating was unfair." said Kozuback, referring to the work of Western Hockey League referee Brad Davis. "We doubled them in penalty minutes 28-14. Tell me that we deserved twice as many

Hitchcock said American defenseman Steve Jaques will likely make the West team, since Kamloops' Joey Mittelsteadt is hampered by a charley horse. "I thought Jaques the best player on the ice Friday. said Hitchcock. •The first guy I will choose as a replacement will be Steve Jaques.
