# The Bismarck Tribune — 1990-11-27 — p.15

**Publication:** The Bismarck Tribune
**Date:** 1990-11-27
**Page:** 15
**Location:** Bismarck, North Dakota
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/346960221/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 346960221

## Paragraphs

Tuesday ESPN: College basketball, Memphis State at Tennessee, 6:30 p.m. TNT: Pro basketball, Suns at Trail Blazers, 7 p.m. MSC: College basketball, Augusta at Minnesota, 7 p.m. ESPN: College basketball, Missouri at Rutgers, 8:30 p.m. MSC: Pro hockey, Flyers at Islanders, 10 p.m. Wednesday MSC: College hockey, UND at Wisconsin (tape), 2 and 10 ESPN: College basketball, Kentucky at Cincinnati, 6:30 p.m. TBS: Pro basketball, Haks at Celtics, 6:35 p.m. MSC: College basketball, Indiana at Notre Dame, 7 p.m. WGN: Pro basketball, Bullets at Bulls, 7:30 p.m. ESPN: College basketball, Ball State at Xavier, 8:30 p.m.

CHICAGO WHITE -Sent . Rodney McCray, outfielder, outright to Vancouver of the Pacific Coast League. DETROIT TIGERS- -Agreed to terms with John Shelby, outfielder, on a one-year contract. NEW YORK YANKEES-Agreed to terms with Steve Farr, pitcher, on a threeyear contract. TORONTO BLUE JAYS-Agreed to terms with Ken Dayley, pitcher, on a three year contract. Named Reggie Cleveland pitching instructor for Medicine Hat of the Pioneer League. National League CINCINNATI REDS- Designated Alex Trevino, catcher, for assignment. BASKETBALL NBA NBA-Fined Miami Heat coach Ron Rothstein $2,000 for comments made of the officiating following a loss to Detroit on Nov. 20. CBA CEDAR RAPIDS SILVER BULLETSAnnounced the resignation of George Whitaker, coach, Named Steve Bontrager coach. FOOTBALL NFL PHILADELPHIA EAGLES- Released Sam Lilly, defensive back. HOCKEY NHL ST. LOUIS BLUES-Recalled Dominic Lavoie, defenseman, from Peoria of the International League. TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS -Sent Allan Bester, goaltender, and Brian Curran, defenseman, Newmarket of the American Hockey League. WASHINGTON CAPITALS -Recalled Don Beaupre, goaltender, from Baltimore of the American Hockey League. COLLEGE JAMES MADISON -Announced the resignation of Joe Purzycki, football coach, who will be reassigned to other duties within the athletic department until his contract expires on Jan. 31, 1992. MARYLAND-Signed ed Joe Krivak, football coach, to a four -year contract. MISSISSIPPI STATE--Announce the resignation of Rockey Felker, football coach. TEXAS CHRISTIAN -Extended the contract of Jim Wacker, football coach, through the 1992 season. Boxing BENALMADENA, Spain (AP) Julian Jackson, U.S. Virgin Islands, stopped Herol Graham, Britain, 4, to win the WBC middleweight title.

tournaments,' he says. "We have four potential state champions in this lineup, so in tournament points we look to do really well. In duals we'll be facing a 0-18 deficit." This week's tentative starting lineups: BHS 103: Scott Schmidt, soph. 112: Jeramie Welder, soph, third in state last season. 119: Darin Giese, ir., state champion. 125: Rod Rieger, jr., sixth in state. 130: Ben Berogan, ir., second in state. 135: Ryan Kringlie, ir., third in state. 140: Todd Cederstrom, soph. 145: Brian Fettig, in., fourth in state. 152: Mark Staudinger, sr. 160: Chad Renner, sr., state champion. 171: Chad Wick, sr., third in region. 189: Mark Hooves tol, ir., fifth in region. Heavyweight: Judson Elk, sr. CHS 103: Troy Sabot, eighth grade, sixth in region last season. 112: Kyle Peterson, ir., or Jeff Walz, ir. 119: Corey second in state. 130: Jim Keaveny, sr. 135: Jim Houn, third in state. 125: Glenn Shupe, 145: Dave Graf, ir., or Kory Werliner, sr. 152: Brian Keaveny, sr., or Matt Harti, sr. 140: Undetermined. McCollum, sr., sixth in state. 160: Chris Braun, sr. 171: Matt Geiger, sr., fifth in state. 189: Mike McCormick, sr., state champion. Heavyweight: Todd Zahn. St. Mary's 103: Open. 112: Open. 119: Open. 125: Mike Poling, sr., fourth in state. 130: Chris Dietz, sr., sixth in region. 140: Jim Kambeitz, soph. 145: Patrick Richter, ir., 152: Dusty, Abraham, jr. 160: Open. 171: Ben Ahneman, fr. Travis Schweitzer, sr. Heavyweight: Open. Mandan 103: Dustin Berger, eighth grade. 112: Dan Clouston, fr. 119: Robert Barchenger, soph., sixth in state last 130: year. Jason Conitz, fr. 135: Kris Fleck, fr. 140: Craig 125: Delaney Berger, eighth grade, sixth in region. 145: Travis Entzel, soph. 152: Wade Benz, soph. 160: Zachmeier, sr., state champion. Jesse Howard, sr., fifth in state. 171: Monte Zander, sr.

HOCKEY: Tonight's top matchup: Edmonton at Pittsburgh (6:35). Edmonton is last in the Smythe Division with a 6-13-2 record. Pittsburgh is fifth in the Patrick Division with an 11-10-2 record. STATS: Quebec was 0-12-0 when trailing after the second period until it rebounded from a 4-2 deficit after two periods Sunday against Los Angeles for a 4-4 tie. Quebec's winless streak is now at 17 games (0- 15-2).... Los Angeles center Wayne Gretzky has scored 107 career points against Quebec.... Gord Murphy and Mike Ricci scored goals on Philadelphia's first two shots in the Flyers 4-1 victory over the New York Islanders. ... Philadelphia is 4-7-1 against Patrick Division opponents and 11-3-0 against the rest of the league. Howe first SIDELINED: Montreal's with 1,000. Stephane Richer sat out Sunday's 4-3 victory over Winnipeg with a hip pointer and Peter Svoboda was scratched with an upset stomach. Other Canadiens out with injuries were Mike McPhee, Shayne Corson, Todd Ewen, Ryan Walter and Brent Gilchrist. • SILENCE: A moment of silence was observed before the start of Phildelphia's game with the New York Islanders pon Sunday in memory of former Flyers coach Fred Shero and defenseman Wayne Hillman, both of whom died Saturday. Shero guided the team to two Stanley Cup championships from 1971 to 1978. Hillman was a defenseman for the Flyers from 1969-73. REMEMBERING: On this date in 1960, Gordie Howe's assist on Howie Glover's goal made him the first 1,000-point scorer NHL history. The game, a 2-0 victory for the Red Wings over the Toronto Maple Leafs, was Howe's 938th in the NHL. LEMIEUX WANTS TO PLAY: Mario Lemieux is anxious to return to the ice, but a Pittsburgh Penguins team doctor said the star center won't begin a rehabilitation program until midDecember.

Hockey NHL WALES CONFERENCE Patrick Division W L T PtS GF GA NY Rangers 16 6 5 37 107 67 Philadelphia 15 10 31 92 80 New Jersey 13 10 27 89 78 Washington 13 13 0 26 86 84 Pittsburgh 11 10 2 24 96 86 NY Islanders 9 13 19 64 84 Adams Division Boston 13 7 4 30 76 71 Montreal 12 10 3 27 77 Hartford 9 10 4 22 63 72 Buffalo 00 9 6 22 73 73 Quebec m 18 5 11 67 119 CAMPBELL CONFERENCE Norris Division W L T Pts GF GA Chicago 17 7 2 36 89 60 St. Louis 15 6 2 32 81 61 Detroit 10 10 3 23 84 90 Minnesota 5 15 15 66 91 Toronto 4 21 1 9 70 125 Smythe Division Los Angeles 16 5 2 34 100 70 Calgary 14 9 2 30 107 81 Vancouver 11 12 23 75 84 Winnipeg 9 15 2 20 89 93 Edmonton 6 13 2 14 58 64 Monday's Game N.Y. Rangers 5, Buffalo 00 Tuesday's Games Los Angeles at Detroit, 6:35 p.m. Philadelphia at N. Y. Islanders, 6:35 p.m. Edmonton at Pittsburgh, 6:35 p.m. Toronto at St. Louis, 7:35 p.m. Minnesota at Vancouver, 9:35 p.m. Wednesday's Games Quebec at Hartford, 6:35 p.m. Buffalo at Montreal, 6:35 p.m. Washington at N.Y. Rangers, 6:35 p.m Philadelphia at New Jersey, 6:45 p.m. Calgary at Winnipeg, 7:35 p.m. College hockey WCHA W L T Pts GF GA Minnesota 10 22 52 29 N. Dakota 19 62 50 N. Michigan 2 16 58 30 Wisconsin 8 4 0 16 52 33 Minn. Duluth 4 5 3 11 38 46 St. Cloud St. 3 7 8 44 56 Michigan Tech 28 41 Denver 21 52 Colorado Coll. 11 0 38 56 OVERALL RECORDS: Minnesota 11-0- 2, North Dakota 9-4-1, Northern Michigan 8-3-2, Wisconsin 10-4-1, Minn.-Duluth 5-6-3, St. Cloud State 3-7-2, Michigan Tech 6-6-1, Denver 1-12-1, Colorado College 1-13-0. Last week's games: Minnesota 7-2, Michigan Tech 2-0. Duluth 5-3, Denver 1-3. North Dakota 4-2, Wisconsin 2-6. Maine 4- 4, Northern Michigan 1-2. Colgate 3, Colorado College 2. McGill 5, Colorado College 3. This week's games Friday Saturday: Colorado College at Duluth. Minnesota at North Dakota. Michigan Tech at Northern Michigan. St. Cloud State at Denver.

fourth at 125 with a 16-9 record. Mike Seeger (140), jr., second at 130 with a 33-3 record. Brian McCollum (152), sr., sixth at 145 with a 23-17 record. Matt Geiger (171- 189), sr., fifth at 152 with a 21-11 record. Mike McCormick (189-171), sr., first at 171 with a 30-1 record. Returning regional placers: Troy Sabot (103), eighth grade, sixth at 103 with a 3-6 record. Houn, fourth at 112. Shupe, second at 119. Kramer, fourth at 125. Seeger, first at 130. McCollum, first at 145. Geiger, third at 152. McCormick, first at 171. Other veterans: Jim Keaveny (130), sr. Chris Braun (160), sr, Top varsity candidates: Kyle Peterson (112), ir. Jeff Walz (112), ir. Matt Harti (130), sr. Dave Graf (145), ir. Kory Werlinger (145), sr. Todd Zahn (heavyweight), Carlos Penny (145), sr. Randy Hendrickson (145), soph. Jon Kisch (145), soph. Jacob Neigum (119-125), soph. Paul Ohman (112), soph. Girard Nagel (171-189), soph. Mike Sharp (160-171), soph. Keith Werlinger (125-130), soph. Clay Horsager (135-140), soph. Erik Thornton (160), soph. Coach: Bill McCollum, eighth year. The Patriots have finished no lower than third in the state under McCollum, winning in 1987, 1988 and 1990; taking second in 1984 and 1985 and third in 1986 and 1989. night at 7:30 and compete in the Mandan Lions Opener: The Patriots play a host to Mandan Friday Tournament on Saturday.

UND 69, VITERBO 65: Dave Vonesh scored 21 points and Scott Guldseth 19 as North Dakota edged visiting Viterbo-Wisconsin 69-65. Marcus Coty added 11 points for UND (2-1). Torrence Cobb came off the bench to lead Viterbo, an NAIA team, with 17 points. Mark Skogen added 13. UND led throughout the game. But Viterbo (3-2) tied the score 43-43 in the second half. The Sioux then went on a 13-4 run and held on to record the win. NBA BASKETBALL CELTICS 118, HEAT 101: Larry Bird led a balanced Boston attack with 21 points, 14 rebounds and 11 assists as the Celtics coasted to their seventh straight victory. Kevin McHale and Kevin Gamble each added 20 points and all five Boston starters scored in double figures as the Celtics put the game away early in the third quarter. The Celtics (11-2) are off to their best start in five years and own the second-best record in the league behind undefeated Portland. Rony Seikaly led the Heat with 21 points and 17 rebounds. NHL HOCKEY I RANGERS 5, SABRES 0: John Vanbiesbrouck made 27 saves for his third shutout of the season and the New York Rangers extended their unbeaten streak to 10 games. Ex-Sabre Ray Sheppard scored twice against his former team and Vanbiesbrouck earned his 10th career shutout as the Rangers stretched heir unbeaten
