# The Abbotsford News — 1990-11-21 — p.53

**Publication:** The Abbotsford News
**Date:** 1990-11-21
**Page:** 53
**Location:** Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/537069355/?match=1&terms=%22Richmond%20Sockeyes%22
**Image ID:** 537069355

## Paragraphs

Sockeyes, who are in their first season in the league. It was a much-needed victory for the Pilots as they had dropped a 7-3 decision to the Bluehawks the night before in Burnaby, as the struggling defending league champions brought in some player help from their parent club, the New Westminister Royals of the B.C. Junior Hockey League. Pilots coach Sam Styles missed the •first of the back-to-back contests sitting out a suspension for verbal abuse of the officials but got the word from assistant coach Brian Silverson that "we totally outchanced them but just couldn't bury them." Friday night, "Within that seven minutes, we dominated them," said Styles. "We had that much confidence and that much poise that our talent shone through. If we played 60 or even 50 minutes like that every night, then I don't think there is a

The league-leading Abbotsford Pilots turned the jets on and scored five goals in a seven-minute span early in the second period and then held on for an important 9-7 win over West Coast Junior Hockey League archrival Burnaby Bluehawks Friday night at MSA Arena. The first three goals all came on the powerplay and boosted Abbotsford into a 5-3 lead then even-strenth markers by veterans Trevor Harms and Rod Spitzig gave the Pilots a commanding 7-3 lead. But the Bluehawks struck back with two more before the period was over to make a game of it. The teams traded goals in the third period as Abbotsford improved their record to 11-5 to keep them one game ahead of the. surprising Richmond

Abbotsford Pilots... Richmond Sockeyes. Coquitlam Buckeroos. NW Americans... Hastings Express. Coquitiam Warriors. Burnaby Bluehawks. NSWC Flames.. Grandview Steelers. . . . . .
