# The Times-Transcript — 1990-09-27 — p.38

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1990-09-27
**Page:** 38
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107418636/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 1107418636

## Paragraphs

the why and why not's of it be cause they know the depth charts just as well as we do. "When send some players to Moncton we won't be telling them they can't at this level, explained McDonald. "We'll be telling them what the circumstances are with our team a at this point in time and that's not to say they're going to stay that way for, long." Meanwhile, McDonald said contrary to popular belief, a healthy competitive attitude among players is what the players enjoy the most. "You see determination on faces when there's keen competitiveness,' he said. "I everybody. the team and the players benefit under these circumstances." In another note, McDonald said the Jets were definitely not trying to 'clone' their Moncton farm team when they signed free-agent hardrocks Steve Martinson and Daryl Stanley during the off-season. With Shawn Cronin and Gord Donnelly creating plenty of open ice in Winnipeg, many felt the Jets were setting up the same circumstances in Moncton when they went after Martinson and Stanley. "We went after those players to make sure we have a little depth

forwards, plus defencemen Brian Marchment and Matt Hervey. Hughes, Larose, Duncan, Marchment and Hervey were with the Hawks last season. Martinson played with the now defunct Sherbrooke Canadiens, Stanley with the NHL Vancouver Canucks, Duncanson with New Haven Nighthawks and Kharin the Wings of the Soviet Union's Elite League. Here's a quick look at the 30- players who still remain in Winnipeg's training camp. GOAL: Bob Essensa, Stefan Beauregard, Tom Draper, Ric Tabaracci. (The Jets will keep two. A third will be assigned to Moncton, joining Mike O'Neill, and the fourth will go to Fort Wayne of the International Hockey League.) DEFENCE: Phil Housley, Randy Carlyle, Shawn Cronin, Gord Donnelly, Dave Ellett, Moe Mantha, Teppo Numminen, Fredrik Olausson, Peter Taglianetti. (The Jets won't use nine defencemen, but Cronin and Donnelly will likely see action as forwards. Look for a trade that will involve a defenceman or two). CENTRE Thomas Brent. Ashton, Dave McLlwain, Kris Draper, Jeff Parker, Simon Wheeldon, Scott Levins. (Wheel-

in the physical side of the game as well as other positions," said McDonald. "Last year we would have been hard-pressed to call on somebody had a Cronin or Donnelly missed 10 or 15 games with an injury. "We think you need to have depth in every aspect of the game. The end result will mean Moncton will have a stronger and tougher team but it also means we'll have stronger and tougher players to call on, too." McDonald said the Jets, who still have 30 players left in their training camp, are holding back on sending players to Moncton so they can get a sound and solid reading on everybody's talent., "Assessments are being made everyday," he explained. "Training camp is the perfect chance to get a look at everybody and if we have a long look at them now we'll have a better understanding of what they can do if we happen to call them up during the year." As expected, Winnipeg dispatched nine players to the Hawks Wednesday, increasing Moncton's training camp roster to 22 skaters. Sent to the Hawks were Martinson, Stanley, Brent Hughes, Craig Duncanson, Guy Larose, Soviet Sergi Kharin and lain Duncan, all

Jets feel AHL Hawks will be much improved

••• HAWK-EY TALK - Shifty forward Bryan (Butsy) Erickson, a Minnesota native who joined the Hawks last April after playing in Europe, was slated to attend Winnipeg's training camp but had to pass down the opportunity because his wife is seriously ill. Farrish said there's a chance Erickson will join his team in five or six weeks if everything goes will with his wife..... Leftwinger Luciano Borsato, who missed all of last season with pulled muscles in his stomach, is also expected to start skating with the Hawks in another couple of weeks.....Pekka Peltola of Finland, another European who attended the Jets training camp, recently elected to return home when he realized his chances of making the big team were slim. ...Bob Brooke, acquired by the Jets during the off-season from

McDonald the New Jersey Devils for Laurie pensation Boschman, for Brooke, the Jets will has retired. As comget a New Jersey, draft pick next fifth summer. That pick (fourth determined or by round) will be Boschman's performance this season......Three players are camp. Cronin is -to-day with a nursing minor injuries the Jets injured right hand. Essensa is day-to-day with a groin pull and Sykes will be out three to five days with an injured right elbow.

By Gerard McLaughlin Sports Reporter WINNIPEG (Special) - The Winnipeg Jets are "extremely pleased" by the calibre of players that will suit up with their American Hockey League farm team, the Moncton Hawks, this season. **A successful hockey team needs to have depth at every position and think we're seeing a lot of that in our system now," said Jets assistant general manager Dennis McDonald Wednesday. McDonald, assessing how the Jets training camp has unfolded and how it will affect the Hawks, said Moncton, who missed the playoffs last season, "should be a much improved team from a year ago. 'There's several players who've had excellent training camps here that will be playing in Moncton this year," said McDonald. "We're in a very tough situation selecting our team because training camp has created an 'awful lot of surprises. "But, a key to our training sessions has been giving everybody an equal opportunity to play. I think when it comes time to make the final decisions on our final roster the players will all understand Hawks win
