# The Sanford Herald — 1990-07-14 — p.8

**Publication:** The Sanford Herald
**Date:** 1990-07-14
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Sanford, North Carolina
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1181054250/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1181054250

## Paragraphs

July 14 1916 - Ernie Koob of the St Louis Browns pitched a complete game in a 17 inning 00 00 00 00 0 0 00 tie with the Boston Red Sox Carl Mays went the first 15 innings for the Red Sox and Dutch Leonard finished. 1946 - Cleveland's Lou Boudreau hit tour doubles and a home run in the first game ot a doubleheader against Boston but Ted Williams connected tor three home runs 3 N d drove in eight runs for an 11 10 Red Sox victory. 1956 - Mel Parnell of the Boston Red Sox pitched a no hitter against the Chicago White Sox for a 4 0 victory at Fenway Park. 1%7 Eddie Mathews of the Astros hit his 500th home run off San Francisco's Juan Marichal at Candlestick Park Houston beat the Giants 8 6. 1940 - Hank Aaron got his 500th home run off Mike McCormick as the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants 4-2. 1966 - Don Wilson of the Houston Astros struck out 18 in a 6 ) victory over Cincinnati in the nightcap of a doubleheader. 1970 - Pete Rose of the Cincinnati Reds scored on Jim Hickman's 12th inning single after bowling over Cleveland's Ray Fosse a home plate to give the National League a 5-4 victory over the American League at Riverfront Stadium 1972 - In a major league first, Bill Haller was the umpire behind the plate while his brother Torn was the catcher for the Detroit Tigers. 1977 - George Foster of the Cincinnati Reds hit three consecutive home runs and Tom Seaver pitched a two hitter to beat the Atlanta Braves. 71. Today's Birthdays: John Dopson 27, Robin Ventura 23. -

HOCKEY National Hockey League BOSTON BRUINS- Announced that Greg Hawgood, defenseman, would play in the Italian League next season. DETROIT RED WINGS- Fired Jacques Demers, head coach. Named Bryan Murray head coach. QUEBEC NORDIQUES- Named Clement Jodoin head coach of of the American Hockey League. ST. LOUIS BLUES- Traded Peter Zezel, center, and Mike Lator, defenseman, to the Washington Capitals for Geoff Courtnall. left wing. COLLEGE 'ARMY- Named Joe Baranik assistant wrestling coach. BIG SKY CONFERENCE- Named Col. leen Reilly assistant sports information director. MINNESOTA- Renewed the contract of Clem Haskins, men's basketball coach. SAN FRANCISCO- Named Lyda Norsworthy assistant athletic trainer. SOUTH CAROLINA STATE- Announced the resignation of Willis C. Ham, athletic director. Named Willie Jeffries Interim athletic director. TULANE- Announced the resignation of Jeff Seal, sports information director.
