# The La Crosse Tribune — 1990-11-01 — p.30

**Publication:** The La Crosse Tribune
**Date:** 1990-11-01
**Page:** 30
**Location:** La Crosse, Wisconsin
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/511786259/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 511786259

## Paragraphs

Offense Ends: Jon Gardow, sr., Falls McDonell; Jeff LeClaire, soph., Aquinas; Honorable mention: Mike McCormick, Marshfield Columbus; Nate Rykal, Eau Claire Regis Tackles: Adam Michalek, jr., Marshfield Columbus; Scott Ciesielski, sr., Stevens Point Pacelli; Honorable mention: Ken Rothbauer, sr., Chippewa Falls McDonell Centers: Keith Nikolay, sr., Marshfield Columbus; Shawn Walkush, sr., Wausau Newman; Honorable mention: Kevin Swoboda, soph., Chippewa Falls Stevens McDonell; Jeff Krupka, sr., Point Pacelli Quarterback: Mike Magistrelli, jr., Marshfield Columbus; Honorable mention: Phillip Esten, sr., Aquinas Running backs: Sean Cashin, soph., Stevens Point Pacelli; Pete Murray, jr., Aquinas; Pat Schueppert, sr., Marshfield Columbus; Steve Nugent, ir., Marshfield Columbus; Honorable mention: Chad Pritzl, sr., Wausau Newman; Eric Monarski, jr., Chippewa Falls McDonell Place kicker: Manel Marcet, soph., Wisconsin Rapids Assumption

By The Associated Press NEW YORK - Darren Turcotte set up two second-period goals and scored the clincher in a fivegoal third period Wednesday night as the New York Rangers beat the Los Angeles Kings, 9-4, in a battle between the National Hockey League's two hottest teams. The Patrick Division-leading Rangers won their eighth home game in as many tries and 11th in 12 games overall as they cooled off the Smythe-leading Kings, who came into the game with a 9- 2-1 record and the best winning percentage in the league. The Rangers (11-3-0) lead the NHL with 22 points. The Kings remained No. 2 with 19. With a roaring crowd of 16,325 looking on at Madison Square Garden, the Rangers twice held leads in the first period, only to see the Kings tie them both times. But Turcotte set up two goals early in the second period and the Kings never caught up. LARMER SIGNS: Chicago right wing Steve Larmer signed the richest contract ever given by the Blackhawks, a four-year, $3.1

[Hockey

Sports on the air Thursday 2:30 p.m. ESPN Horse Racing Velka Pardubice Steeplechase Race. From Pardubice, Czechoslovakia. 6:30 p.m. ESPN Bowling LPBT Albuquerque Open. From New Mexico. (Live) Equestrian National Horse Show. From Meadowlands Arena in East Rutherford, N.J. (Live) 8:00 p.m. ESPN Boxing Bruce Seldon vs. David Bey, Heavyweights. From Atlantic City. (Live) 9:30 p.m. SCA NHL Hockey New Jersey Devils at Vancouver Canucks. (Live) 11:00 p.m. ESPN Golf Asahi Glass Four Tours World Championship of Golf, Second Round. From Tokyo. (Tape delay) RADIO 8 p.m, - Barry Alvarez Show, WCOW-FM

Defense Ends: Scott Ciesielski, sr., Stevens Point Pacelli; Brad Landrath, sr., Wausau Newman; Mike McCormick, sr., Marshfield Columbus; Honorable mention: Chad Woodcock, sr., Eau Claire Regis Tackles: Adam Michalek, sr., Marshfield Columbus; Joe Jarabeck, ir., Stevens Point Pacelli Linebackers: Ken Rothbauer, sr., Chippewa Falls McDonell; Ron Wagner, sr., Eau Claire Regis; Chad Pritzl, sr., Wausau Newman; Shawn Walkush, sr., Wausau Newman; Honorable mention: Sean Cashin, soph., Stevens Point Pacelli; Kevin Swoboda, soph., Chippewa Falls McDonell Defensive backs: Jon Gardow, jr., Chippewa Falls McDonell; Pat Schueppert, sr., Marshfield Columbus; Mitch Patrow, sr., Eau Claire Regis; Phillip Esten, Aquinas; Honorable mention: Scott Kundinger, sr., Marshfield Columbus; Steve Nugent, ir., Marshfield Columbus; Mark Diebert, sr., Wausau Newman; Andy Seubert, sr., Wausau Newman; Shorty Flees, soph., Stevens Point Pacelli Punter: Scott Ciesielski, sr., Stevens Point Pacelli

BASEBALL BOSTON RED SOX - Agreed to terms with Greg Harris, pitcher, on a two-year contract. Purchased the contracts of Tom Fischer, Derek Livernois, Dan O'Neill, Jeff Plympton, Dave Owen and Scott Taylor, pitchers, from Pawtucket of International League. KANSAS CITY ROYALS Announced they will not offer a contract to Willie Wilson, outfielder, for next season. CINCINNATI REDS - Declined to exercise 1991 contract option of Ron Oester, second baseman. LOS ANGELES DODGERS Purchased the contracts of Eric Karros, first baseman, and Henry Rodriguez, outfielder, from San Antonio of the Texas League. Re-instated Orel Hershiser and Tim Belcher, pitchers, and Jeff Hamilton, third baseman, from the 60-day emergency disabled list. PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES Agreed to terms with Darren Daulton, catcher, on a three-year contract. Named Johnny Podres pitching coach. PITTSBURGH PIRATES Declined to exercise 1991 contract option of Ted Power, pitcher. SAN DIEGO PADRES Fired Jack Maloof, batting instructor. Named Merv Rettenmund, batting instructor. OKLAHOMA CITY 89ERS Named Tommy Thompson manager; and Jeff Andrews and Stan Hough coaches: TACOMA TIGERS Named Jeff Newman manager, and Glenn Abbott pitching coach. CHATTAÑOOGA LOOKOUTS Named Melissa Sparks director of promotions and special events; Jay Braezeu director of sales; and Matthew Riley director of marketing and public relations. HUNTSVILLE STARS - Named Casey Parsons manager, and Bert Bradley pitching coach. MADISON MUSKIES - Named Gary Jones manager, and Scott Budner pitching coach. SOUTHERN OREGON - Named Dick Scott manager, and Gil Patterson pitching coach. BASKETBALL ATLANTA HAWKS - Waived Duane Ferrell and Darren Henrie, forwards. GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS - Placed Jim Petersen, forward-center, and Bart Kofoed, guard, on the injured list. Waived Stan Kimbrough, guard. SACRAMENTO KINGS Released Marty Conlon, center, and Fredrick, guard. HORIZON - Waived Mel Kennedy, guard. QUAD CITY THUNDER Signed Steve Bardo and Mark Stevenson, guard-forward and Ron Draper, forward. FOOTBALL CLEVELAND BROWNS ReRose, linebacker. Waived Eugene Rowell, wide receiver. INDIANAPOLIS COLTS - Signed Rusty Hilger, quarterback. Claimed Mickey Washington, cornerback, off the practice squad. Re-signed Reggie Thornton, wide receiver, to the practice squad. NEW YORK JETS Signed Mark Hofland, offensive lineman, to the practice squad. PHOENIX CARDINALS Released John Burch, running back. HOCKEY CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS Signed Steve Larmer, right wing, to a four-year contract. NEW YORK ISLANDERS Traded Marc Bergevin, defenseman, to the Hartford Whalers for future considerations. PHILADELPHIA FLYERS - Assigned Pete Peters, goaltender, and Murray Baron, defenseman, to Hershey of the American Hockey League. Called up Bruce Hofforf, goaltender, from Hershey.
