# The Times-Transcript — 1990-09-29 — p.44

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1990-09-29
**Page:** 44
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107419117/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107419117

## Paragraphs

waiver draft on Monday to see if they, are selected. "I understand their positions. It would be tough to come here and then find out they are picked by somebody and have to move again," said Farrish. "There's a chance somebody could take anyone of them so I'm willing to wait a few extra days to accommodate them." Moncton won their first exhibition in Bridgewater, N.S. last Wednesday, defeating Halifax Citadels 4-1. Moncton's final pre-season is next Tuesday in Fredericton when they'll tangle with the Canadiens. With only 15 players in training camp, Farrish is limited in things he can do.. "Improving our conditioning and working on basic systems and things like breakouts and the powerplay," answers Farrish t to what the team is working on most. "Getting the little things down so they just become automatic is something you can't practice enough," said Farrish. Look for something to break on the Johnny LeBlanc talks between the Jets and the Edmonton Oilers this weekend. Jets general manager Mike Smith and Oilers GM Glen Sather met on Thursday and Friday and the LeBlanc case was certainly discussed. LeBlanc, the Campbellton native who scored 53 goals with the Oilers farm team in Cape Breton last year, opted for free agency over the summer and the Jets are definitely after .his services. But, so far the talks have stalled and LeBlanc is sitting home in Campbellton. _"I have a gut feeling something is about to break," said Farrish Friday. "I don't really know what the problem was but I'd certainly like to see it get straighted out and get him in our lineup soon.' •• Following are the 23 players that have been assigned to the Hawks: Goal (1): Mike O'Neill (Yale two years ago, Finland last season). Defence (10): Daryl Stanley (Vancouver, NHL), Bryan Marchment (returnce), Matt Hervey (returnee), Grant Richison (returnee), Todd Flichel (returnee), Dallas Eakins (returnee), Chris Norton (returnee), Rob Bateman (University of Vermont), Denis Larocque (Cape Breton Oilers), Don McLennan (University of Denver). Forwards (12): Brent Hughes (returnee), Guy Larose (returnee), Steve Martinson (Sherbrooke, AHL), Craig Duncanson (New Haven, AIL), lain Duncan (returnce), Sergei Kharin (Wings, Soviet Union), Stu Barnes (Tri-Cities Americans, junior), Lee Davidson (University of North Dakota), Peter Hankinson (University of Minnesota), Scott Schneider (returnee), Larry Bernard (returnee), Tony Joseph (returnee). A GOOD ONE A training camp report on Kharin by a Winnipeg television station recently drew outstanding praise from Jets fans. Jets' defenceman Peter Taglianetti took Kharin under his wing during training camp and the two were inseparable. Taglianetti was supposed to be teaching Kharin how to speak English and Kharin teaching Taglianetti Russian. When the reporter asked Kharin what english words he had learned, he replied: "Peter Taglianetti is the best player in Winnipeg camp." The real truth is, Kharin speaks very good English.

Friday with the Moncton Hawks Game time is 4 p.m. the Border Arena. However, while the Hawks received nine players from the Winnipeg training camp on Wednesday, very few of them will be in the lineup on Sunday. "Kharin and Matt Hervey have arrived and I expect that'll be about it," said Farrish. The Moncton coach said winger Brent Hughes was driving to Moncton from British Columbia and defenceman Bryan Marchment had returned home for a few days. Farrish said veterans Steve Martinson, Daryl Stanley, Craig Duncanson, lain Duncan and Guy Larose are all awaiting the NHL
