# The Times-Transcript — 1990-03-19 — p.8

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1990-03-19
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107669985/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107669985

## Paragraphs

"We had that Jennings Trophy Philadelphia, while Murray Bar- Paul MacDermid and one from Brian Marchment, Matt Hervey Halifax, outshooting the Hawks in mind and a lot of guys were on and Craig Berube netted sin- Fredrik Olausson. and Brad Berry. Dallas Eakins by a wide 50-15 margin (23-2i in mad when we came off after the gles. Capitals 4 North Stars 3 and Tony Joseph missed Satur- second period), scored twice in second period for letting it go," Mike Krushelnyski, Marty Washington led 4-0 and hung on day's game but played on Sunday. every period before 5,097 fans at said Carbonneau, who celebrated McSorley, Steve Kasper and John to move into fourth place in the All players but Marchment, who the Metro Centre Sunday night. his 30th birthday with a goal and Tonelli had goals for the Kings. Patrick Division, two points is on recall to the NHL Winnipeg Dean Hopkins scored two goals two assists. Sabres 4 Jets 3 ahead of the Islanders. Dino Cic- Jets, are injured. for Halifax - giving him eight in To the Canadiens' chagrin, the Phil Housley's second goal of carelli had a goal and two assists Moncton general manager- the past six games. Bryan Foteam they are chasing in the Ad- the game at 2:03 of overtime let while Dale Hunter, Bob Joyce and /coach Dave Farrish admits the garty, Tony Hrkac, Darrin Kimams standings - Buffalo - beat Buffalo end its two game losing Michal Pivonka also scored. challenge of charging for a playoff ble and Jaro Sevcik added the oththe Winnipeg Jets 4-3 in overtime streak. Christian Ruuttu scored Don Barber, Brian Bellows and spot is tough with only a limited ers. to maintain the Sabres one-point the Sabres' other two goals. Dave Gagner had Minnesota's number of players. Brent Hughes and Chris Norton lead over third-place Montreal. Winnipeg got two goals from goals. with "Trying to falling climb all a the time mountain is connected for the Hawks. In Sunday's other games, it people In other A Saturday games it was: was: Pittsburgh 2, NY Islanders very tough. When somebody gets Maine 4, Adirondack 0; Hershey 5,

hurt it just puts more load another guy and that's limiting things you can do," said Farrish. "We're in that type of situation. We're very limited right now in what we can try." Farrish said Sunday's game was a perfect example of not having enough power to finish strong. "The score was 4-2 after the second but we came out strong and had a couple of good chances in the third. But, in the last 10 minutes there just wasn't enough left to keep it up. When you're going with five defenceman and some of them are hurting, too, something just has to give. I feel for the players. You can only give what you've got." Hawks now have four days off and Farrish is hoping some of the injured players will be ready when the teams returns to action next Friday in Rochester. They play in Newmarket, Ont. Saturday. "Maybe Matt (Hervey), Dallas (Eakins) and a couple guys who are playing with a lot of hurt will be better by then," he said. Farrish admits his Hawks, who have six games remaining, can't afford many more losses. Monc-
