# Telegraph-Journal — 1990-12-01 — p.26

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1990-12-01
**Page:** 26
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108660245/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1108660245

## Paragraphs

Matt Hervey is battling more than agent without compensation at season's end, free to sign with any other team. That means how well he does this year will dictate signing and earning power next season. So far, he's been one of the steadiest Hawks, playing solid defence and amassing 10 points in 25 games. Hervey, the last cut at Winnipeg's camp, is not happy to be in Moncton. Before training camp, he requested a trade or reassignment to either Phoenix or San Diego of the IHL. "This is my fourth season in Moncton and I just don't think Winnipeg's given me a fair chance," he says. "I understand it takes a couple of seasons in the minors to mature, but Winnipeg still hasn't had a good look at me yet.

By NEIL HODGE The Telegraph- Journal MONCTON Matt Hervey knows heartache. A year ago, the Moncton Hawks defenceman's mother was in a car accident in northern California. Today, she is still in a coma in his native Los Angeles. "It's tough to keep my mind on hockey," he says quietly. *'There's not a day go by that I'm not thinking about her and hoping that she comes out of her coma. "I try my best to stay busy because if I just sit around, it bothers me even more. Mom would want me to continue playing. She always was my biggest supporter." At age 24, Hervey, in his fourth American Hockey League season, has faced more heartache than many ever do. Unlike most, he can't turn to his father in these trying times because, in a way, he doesn't really have one. He hasn't seen his dad since his parents were divorced six years ago. "He just disappeared ... don't know where he is." says Hervey, whose Hawks host the Cape Breton Oilers tonight at 7:30 o'clock and the Rochester Americans tomorrow at 5 p.m. The date was Jan. 10, 1990. The night before a game against Cape Breton, Hawks coach Dave Farrish and an RCMP officer arrived at his Sydney hotel room to inform him about his mother's accident. Hervey took the next four weeks off. "Matt's been in a very difficult situation the last year," says Farrish. "I feel for him a lot. We talked about it last year and a bit this year, but he doesn't like to bring it up a lot. "To his credit, he's been able to continue playing extremely well under these circumstances. It doesn't seem to have affected his play." Farrish has been more than a coach to Hervey. He's been somewhat of a missing fatherly figure. And, like a family, his teammates have also been there to lean on. "Dave and the whole team have been great to me through this," he says. "They've always been there when I needed someone to talk to. Dave's a very unThe personable Hervey does derstanding person.", not fit the sun, surf and sand Ca-
