# The Hamilton Spectator — 1990-12-31 — p.22

**Publication:** The Hamilton Spectator
**Date:** 1990-12-31
**Page:** 22
**Location:** Hamilton, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1011541762/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1011541762

## Paragraphs

Around the rinks ... ART BERLINGIERI scored three goals and brother, Greg, added another as XL Filters doubled Caco's Sports 6-3 in P.E.l. Oldtimers Hockey League action recently. Ron Gauvreau and Don Grills got the other XL goals, while Paul MacDonnell with two goals and Lawrie Shaw tallied for Caco's. Pottruff & Oliver Realty slipped past Al's Catering 7-5 as Richard Denley netted a pair of goals for the winners. Art Rayner, Carl Richard, Stan Eastman, Jack Waye and Rick Nutter chipped in with a goal each. Bill Osborne scored twice for Al's and Frank Ludwig, Al Williston and Ron Jack had a goal each. Gage Video blitzed Finnan-Richard Industries 9-3 with three goals from Percy Lang and two apiece by Sam Monte and Wayne MacDonald. Doug Venau and Russ Steeves collected a goal each. FRI goals went to Gary Nicholson, Sirio Venturelli and Frank Smith. Gerrard MacDonnell got two goals as Clair's Haulage stopped Shaw's Tire 4-1. Brian Campbell and John Russell finished off the Clair's scoring with Marty Ryan scoring for Shaw's. 00O HAMILTON BRONZIE'S Place lost out in the "AAA" minor bantam consolation final 7-2 to Ottawa Valley at the Wayne Gretzky International Minor Hockey Tournament over the weekend. David Cleva and Mike LeBlanc scored for Hamilton. In the semifinals, Hamilton lost to Toronto Red Wings 4-2 with Pat Huffman and Jeff Schweitzer getting the Hamilton goals. Earlier, Hamilton topped Richmond Hill 7-4 as Ryan Burgoyne poured in three goals and singles went to Huffman, Schweitzer, LeBlanc and Ken Boone. Hamilton shaded Sudbury 2-1 on goals by Boone and Chris Stephenson. Hamilton bombed Buffalo 7-2 with two goals from Ryan Lindsay and one each by Burgoyne, LeBlanc, Schweitzer, Ryan Gibbs and Jamie Mota. In "AAA" minor atom action, Hamilton Welco Propective Devices had a win and two losses in recent play. After downing Kitchener 3- 1, Hamilton fell 4-2 to Mississauga and 3-2 to U.S. Spartans. David Duncan, Mike Avery and Jeff Cosentino had two goals altogether for Hamilton, while Brad Whelan had a goal and two assists, Joel Campbell four asissts and Duncan Martin three assists. 000 RICHY SHAMOON collected three goals to pace Dofasco North Stars to a 6-4 win over Eastwood Pizza Pizza in atom action from the Dofasco Minor Hockey Tournament on the weekend. Marco Majerovich, Robby Lester and Steven Stacey chipped in a goal each. Waylon Crockson led Eastwood with three goals and Criag Callender had the other. Earlier, Rosedale got two goals from Teddy Duncan as it defeated Stars 6-2. John Hollingsworth, Richard Doctor, Jeff Legris and Ryan Hudson added a goal each. Steven Stacey and Joey Majerovich replied for the Stars. In other action, Mount Hamilton Flyers shaded the Dofasco Oilers 6-5. Brian Jarvie scored three goals for the Flyers and Osman Samez, Jason Sanisalo and Norm Audette. Justin Cannon fired three goals for the Oilers and Jason Phillips two. 000 RYAN COX fired the winning goal in overtime to lead Eastwood Kenesky Kids to a 3-2 win over Brantford in the peewee championship game at the Hamilton Minor Hockey Council Christmas Tournament on the weekend. Shawn DeCosta and Mike Finlayson added the other Eastwood goals. In the consolation Coronation Aran Trophies blanked Brampton Plumbing & Heating 3-0 with two goals from Mike Hubbard and one by Ben McKay. Adam Cuomo had the shutout. In bantam championship action, Burlington bounced Coronation Carpenters 3-1. Chris Henderson fired the lone Coronation goal. In the consolation game, Mount Hamilton IBEW Local #105 topped Brampton Karry Kitchens 3-0. Jay Russell got two goals and Rob Booker one. Ryan Bezeau posted the shutout. In novice championship play, Westmoreland, Pa. dropped Eas, twood Leathers 6-4. Mitch Trebilcock, Fred Swan, Ryan Goddard and P.J. Oliphant got the Eastwood goals. The consolation title went to Thorold Protective Hose with a 3-1 win past Brantford Kester Solder. In atom championship action, Westmoreland, Pa. beat Eastwood Year-Round Putt-a-Bout 3-1. J.R. Smith notched the lone Eastwood tally. Brampton Brylin Building nipped Brantford Action Transmission 3-2 for the consolation title. 000 TOM McINTOSH fired three goals to lift Murphy's Submarines to a 8-2 rout of Ray's Place in Westinghouse-Hotpoint Employees Hockey League action on the weekend. Ron Griffin, Brad Grice, Neil Weir, Jay Hunter and Doug Read added the other Murphy's goals. Tony Wilkinson Andy Borsos tallied for Ray's. Sports Room Lime Ridge Mall tied Wayne's Plowing (Caledonia) 6-6 with two goals each by Rick McIntosh and Reg Aubert. Gerry Scime and 1 Cam McKelvey added singles. Bob Gallo powered Wayne's with three goals and others came from Rob Veltri, Bill Duncan and Chuck Arnone. Cea Canucks Dive Shop nipped D.A. Warring Foods 2-1 on goals by Craig Templeton and Steve Angell. Bill Edmonds countered for Warring. 000 HAMILTON ALL Electric and Mechanical won the "AAA" major atom championship at the Golden Horseshoe Invitational Minor Hockey Tournament in Burlington on the weekend by doubling Depew, N.Y. 6-3. Earlier, Hamilton edged past Barrie 4-3 in overtime in the semifinals. In preliminary play, Hamilton lost to Barrie 5- 1, and defeated Amherst, N.Y. 4-2, Michigan Nationals 3-1 and Brampton 6-1. Chad Spur and Chris Gardiner had six goals each for Hamilton at the tourney. Ryan Guimond and Derek Martin chipped in with three apiece and Mark Dennemy had two. Derek Palmer, Mike Austin, Nick Termini and Scott Johnson had singles. Goalie Scott Lindsay was named the tournament MVP. In "AAA" major novice action, Hamilton Kilty B's fell in the semifinals 4-2 to Wexford as Andrew laniero and Mikey Smith tallied for Hamilton. Earlier, Hamilton nipped Markham 5-4 as Janiero had two goals and three assists, Smith two goals and Ryan Clayton

Missouri 75, Texas-Pan American 56 U.S. College Quarter-final LSU 118 Nicholls St. 76 Oklahoma St. 70, Marquette 43 Minnesota 5 Colorado Col. 2 France 2 Spain 1 Mississippi 79 McNeese St. 58 S. Illinois 75, Indiana St. 62 Canadian University Arantxa Sanchez, Spain, def. Catherine Tanvi- N.C.-Asheville 89 Davidson 86 (OT) Xavier, Ohio 91, Detroit 66 Tournaments er, France, 6-4,6-3. New Orleans 88 Grambling St. 66 Southern Meth. 88 Texas-Arlington 73 Alberta Universities Cup Guy Forget, France, def. Emilio Sanchez, Old Dominion 79 East Carolina 78(20T) lowa 104 Chaminade 64 Alberta 3 NAIT 3 (OT) Spain, 6-4,6-2. Purdue 64 Georgia 63 Tournaments Lethbridge 5 Calgary 4 Guy Forget and Catherine Tanvier, France, Midwest Red Lobster Classic (Alberta wins three-day roundrobin) def. Emilio and Arantxa Sanchez, Spain, 6-4,6-2. Akron 88 Indiana, Pa. 69. Championship Ball St. 104 Chicago St.70 North Carolina 71 Stanford 60 one goal for the winners: Wexford topped Hamilton 5-4 with Smith Park and collecting two goals and two assists, laniero Adrian Murchison, Tutu Kalong and Carson Lewis and Frankie Curto in a goal and an assist chipped in a goal each. Earlier, Parkdale shaded a a Hamilton Mount Hamilton ener 2-1 with laniero and scoring for Leafs 2-1 on goals by Hotrum and Jeff Marsh. Michael Carllie goal losing cause. shaded KitchSmith Hamilton. plied for the Leafs. Mount Hamilton North Stars trimmed Parkdale re000 6-5 with BUD RANGERS crushed Don Cherry's 10-0 in action from the win, O'Neil goals from Robertson singles by Mike Irthree Wentworth Senior "A" Hockey League on the weekend as Ron Rizavell, Matt Winters Hotrum, Chambers, Jenk Kyle and Chris Zavarella. Van Kleef led the attack with three goals. Sean Hastings, Mike Genovese replied for Parkdale. 1 novice and Nick Claussen and Danny Van Kleef added two goals each and Rick pin 2-1 action, Mount Hamilton Bruins nipped Mount Hamilton Hunt one. Pete Richards posted the shutout. In another game, Smith tallied for the Pens. Andreychuk Tyler Bryan. Rob Penguins on goals by Ryan and Bogey's Blackhawks nipped Black Angus 1-0 on a goal by Craig 000 Howie. ALDIN TELMORE DEFEATED Veterans 000 action from the INSTALLATIONS Hamilton thumped Doublerinks Tyler Non- Trophies/Bogey's Men's folio. Taxi 8-2 to take the "A" champi- ey League action on the weekend. Brian onship at the Tim Horton's-Labatt's Men's Christmas Powell, David Cossette, Tournament the Steico Hockey Wayne Dort, Paul Allain, Tom Finan and Benny Malfetta scored for on weekend. Cold Mill took the "B" title with the winners and a 9-4 over Salamander. Tony Mardell replied for Tyler. romp 000 LAWFIELD OILERS needed double 000 overtime to defeat Scott HAMILTON DAVIDSON Electric Park major atoms fell in the championPenguins 5-4 and win the Eastwood Timmy Tyke Hockey Tourna- ship ment game of the Flamborough Minor Hockey Christmas Tournament the on the weekend with a 5-0 loss to Mississauga North Stars. on weekend. Earlier, Oilers topped Coronation Tigers 3- In the semifinals, Hamilton Scott knocked off St. Catharines 6-4 with tied Park Penguins 5-5 and nipped Eastwood Pizza Pizza three goals from J.J. Cybalski, two from 10-9. Adam Riddell led the way with 18 goals altogether, while Rhian Dodds. Ryan and one from Evers Brandon Fanjoy and Marcus Ramelli had two each and Kyle Hagel 000 one for the Oilers. HAMILTON LONGSHOREMEN 000 bounced Red Deer, Alta. 6-4 in ANCASTER ALTERRA the Mac's Midget Hockey Tournament in Calgary on action from Homes won the bantam championship at the weekend. Cheyne Lazar scored twice the Pelham Silver Stick Hockey Tournament on the weekend by Garry Gosse, Mike Bodnaruk, Sam and single goals to and went whipping Six Nations 7-2. Jeff Taylor led the with four Oliviera Dru Burgess. way goals Hamilton's record stands at 2-2. and others came from Mike Tasker, Mike Layne and Jeremy 000 Jones. Shawn Anthony and Ben Longboat replied for Six Nations. HAMILTON HUME'S In atom action, Glanbrook Joe Hagel Sports won the consolation championship at the Vic Teal peewees won their Sports "AAA" minor title Hart Invitational Minor Hockey Tournaby downing Cayuga 3-2. Chris scored twice for Glanbrook ment in Mississauga on the weekend by blasting St. Catharines 7- and Nicholas Ringuette once. 2. In earlier games, Hamilton defeated Barrie 4-3, Wheatfield, N.Y. 6-0. Mississauga 8-4 and Wayne, Mich. 7-1. Ed 000 BOBBY SOCKETT McGrane and Bill and Eddy Cooper notched four goals each as Hemlow had six goals each Canadiens romped to a 14-1 rout of Kings in Rosedale Winter four. Pat Banning, and Mair added altogether, while Adam Sports Association atom hockey action on the weekend. Andrew David Simon, Brad Gubbins and Shawn Morgan Baltzer got three apiece each and Jeff Pipe Paul Ponthier added two goals and singles went to Daniel Chisholm, David Soules two and McMackin, Matthew Shrock and Travis Folk. Michael Ball named the tournament MVP. posted was one. Ryan Findlay the shutout. Simon Ryan tallied for Kings. Whalers tied Flyers 3-3 with two goals from Cory 000. van Bergen and one by George Akropovic. John Hollingsworth, HAMILTON PIGOTT Construction Burshaw and Michael Abramowicz countered for Flyers. third place at the Eastern Minor Association up in Wings minor atoms ended In an Jeremy exhibition tilt, Rosedale Whalers Michigan Hockey buried Hamilton 11-3. Tournament in Flint weekend. Hamilton trimmed London 2- Dallas Toney collected four goals, Akropovic had three and van 1 on goals by Jimmy Bonotti and Scott two and Willie McKellar before falling 2-0 Burgen Jeffery each. to Flint "AAA" and 3-0 to Flint "AA". In peewee play, Islanders trimmed Flames 2-1 with two goals 000 Jason Cooper, while Joe Parilac tallied for the Flames. MOUNT HAMILTON won the from peewee title at the Ancaster Heri000 tage Minor Hockey Tournament on the TERRY MICELLI fired two goals and added three assists as Flyers London 3-1. Inprevious weekend by dumping doubled games, Mount Hamilton blanked Ancaster North Stars 6-3 in Scott Park Minor Hockey Association 6-0, beat Lawfield 4-3 and lost 4-2 to atom action on the weekend. Kyle Whalen, Michael Etty, Thomas In novice London. Utter and Jason Wood rounded out the Flyer scoring. Steven game. Paul Garner and Mike champlay, London whipped Dundas Laidlaw 9-2 in the pionship Watters tallied for Dundas. Hunter scored twice for the Stars and Marc Gauvreau had a goal 000 and two assists. Black Hawks shaded Flames 4-3 with Shawn COLIN KAY notched a pair of goals to give Parkdale a 6-1 win over Genest Boucher also getting two goals for the winners. Jeff Kimmins and Ricky Mount Hamilton in Hamilton Minor Hockey Council scored for the Hawks. Kris Cassidy, B.J. Cassidy on the weekend. Mike Rosser, Andrew Harris, Jack Pritchard peewee play and 2-1 and on Ryan a goal Duffy apiece for the Kostrich Flames. Islanders Richard topped the Bruins Joey Paulino also scored for Parkdale, while Randy Laity clicked counby Brad and Bolton. Mikey tered for Mount Hamilton. Burrows replied for the Bruins. In novice action, Canucks dropped Leafs 5-3 with three goals from Joseph Pereira and one each by Derek Cook and Michael On the courts... Mudge. Joey Mullen scored twice for Leafs and Adam Neale once CATHERINE McCOLL tossed in 25 points to spark Trotters to a JASON PHILLIPS and Shaun Lucas scored each lift 47-24 rout of Bulls in Sts. Peter & Paul Girls Basketball League Dofasco Oilers novices two goals to junior action on the weekend. Trina Humes sank 11 for the Bulls. to an exhibition 6-4 win over Canton-Ply- Suns stoped the Celtics 53-45 mouth Flyers on weekend. Harry Ryerson and Trevor Harrison Miller. help from 15 points from Suwith also scored for the Oilers. In another game, Dofasco Steelhawks Horyn the Celts. zanne Sonja scored 18 for blanked the Mount Hamilton Blues 4-0. Marco Majerovich, Trevor Wiggers, Wesley Chiasson and Patrick Mason scored the goals. Elsewhere. ... In bantam exhibition action, Ancaster Alterra Homes overcame a BOB McINTYRE and 2-0 deficit in the third Bob Ewells posted a 5-1 record to take first period to defeat Vimmersby, Sweden midgets place in the 45 per cent ringer class at the 5-2 on the weekend. Jason MacFarlane, Jon Hall, Mark Jones, Christmas/New Year's Hamilton Horseshoe Open Doubles Tournament on the weekJeremy Jones and Chris Rice scored for Ancaster and Matias end. John Pottruff and Ken Boyd took second and Gustavsson and Urban Nilsson tallied for Vimmersby. and Pat Kovancak third. Kaye Kennedy were In atom action, MountHamilton Optimists selects dropped Dofas- Bob Steelhawks 7-5 with two goals by Michael Irwin and one each win the 65 per cent rinder class. Glen a 7-0 record to to Roundridge and Cliff Husdon had perfect co Matt Mascioli, Brian Jarvie, Richard Brule, Richard Price and 5-2 for second place and Atienne Paul Obermeyer Pyke by Justin Shamoon for were Amy and Brian Home were Healy. Richy tallied twice Dofasco and Joey third at 4-3. Majerovich, Luke Mikalauskas and Jeff Collins once each. In the class B competition, Paul Sweeney had perfect a record SALTFLEET KEW Steel with a 45 per cent ringer score. Ray Cormier was second at 4-1 novices won the "B" championship at the and 39 per cent and John Ready third at 3-2 and 36 Bowmanville Christmas Classic Minor Hockey Tournament by In class A competition, John Loader per cent. 9-0 Matthew was 4-1 with a 60 per cent crushing goals to Unionville lead on the weekend. McLellan had ringer score. Audrey Brownridge was second at 3-2 and 56.4 five the way, while Joey DeMarco added three and cent and Leo Arsenault third at 3-2 and 48 per cent. per Mark Maxwell one. Kevin Nagy posted the shutout. In earlier ac- The tion, Saltfleet downed Peterborough 6-0 as McLellan notched tion erect membership, call 561-4344 come more informaopen tournament will be in February. For three lan Maxwell or to the club at 170 goals, Skirving two and one. Nagy and Todd Brockley Road. Vanderlinden split the shutout. Whitby downed Saitfleet 4-2 as McLellan and Maxwell had the Saltfleet goals. DeMarco had three goals as Saltfleet shaded Bowmanville 6-5. Maxwell added two PROVINCIAL SPORTS... goals and McLellan one. 0 000 00 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 COLBORNE - Joe Roy and Cam Simpson notched PORT LAWFIELD NATIONAL Trust bantams won the championship of two goals each to pace Hamilton Kilty B's to a 7-5 win over the Dunnville Minor Sports Christmas Hockey Toumament by Port Colborne Schooners in recent action from the Golden beating Dunnville 2-1. Ryan Langsford and Tim Schofield scored Horseshoe Junior B Hockey League. Chris Clarke, Geoff the Lawfield goals. Earlier, Lawfield shaded Oakville 4-3 on goals Clarke and Graham Agnew also scored for Hamilton. Mike by Langford, Schofield, Ryan Heidecamp and Cameron Wain- Hartwick, Jason Disher, Walter Gatt, Kevin Kegler and Rob wright. Cushnie to 5-2 with Langford and Sunny leads of 2-1 and replied for the Schooners. Hamilton had period Lawfield fell Dunnville Hildebrandt Lawfield notching knocked off the Lawfield Grand-Niagara, goals. N. Y. Langford 6-0. fired Schofield, two goals Cushnie, as off until Jan. 4-3 and outshot Port Colborne 42-24. Kiltys Ermando Valeri and Richard are 8 when they will host Niagara Falls Thunder Elmer completed the scoring. B's at Mountain Arena at 7.45 p.m. 000 BROCK HOTRUM piled up seven goals to spark Parkdale North 000 Stars to an 8-5 win over the Scott Park Bruins and the atom conso- The Local Sports 526-3289 - is open for M lation Christmas title at the Tournament Mount the Hamilton weekend. Minor Eric Hockey Chambers Association reports from 10 p.m.-midnight Submissions only from Sunday to Friday your on added (holidays excepted). may also be handed in at the other Parkdale goal. Mikey Burrows scored twice for Scott the Spec security office or sent to sports FAX 521-8986.
