# Goldsboro News-Argus — 1991-09-26 — p.14

**Publication:** Goldsboro News-Argus
**Date:** 1991-09-26
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Goldsboro, North Carolina
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1156527348/?match=1&terms=%22Paul%20Rutherford%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1156527348

## Paragraphs

David Wyman, linebacker, on injured reserve. Waived Derwin Brewer, wide receiver, from the practice squad. Canadian Football League SASKATCHEWAN ROUGHRIDERSReleased Paul Bushey, running back, from the practice squad. TORONTO ARGONAUTS -Activated Kelvin Pruenster, tackle, from the reserve list. Placed Michael Clemons, running back, on the reserve list. Placed John Colin, center, on the practice squad. HOCKEY National Hockey League MONTREAL CANADIENS -Returned Vladimir Vujtek, left wing, to Tri-Cities of the Western Hockey League. NEW YORK ISLANDERS- -Assigned Wayne Doucet, Rich Kromm, Brent Grleve, Jeff Jablonski, Graham Stanley, Travis Green, lain Fraser, Phil Huber, Paul Rutherford, Rob Vanderydt, Dean Ewen, Sean LeBrun, Graeme Townshend, Derek Laxdal and Lee Giffin, forwards; Rick Hayward, Dennis Vaske, Jim Culhane, Joni Lehto, Chris Pryor, Kevin Cheveldayoff, Brad Turner and Larry Melnyk, defensemen; and Danny Lorenz and Jamie McLennan, goaltenders, to Capital District of the American Hockey League; George Maneluk, goaltender, to New Haven of the American Hockey League; and Joe Capprini, goaltender, and Sylvain Fleury, left wing, to Richmond of the East Coast Hockey League. NEW YORK RANGERS -Acquired Greg Millen, goaltender, from the Chicago Blackhawks for future considerations. Called up Steven King and Joe Paterson, forwards, from Binghamton of American Hockey League. PITTSBURGH PENGUINS -Matched the Boston Bruins' offer sheet to Kevin Stevens, left wing, thereby retaining his rights. ST. LOUIS BLUES -Assigned Kevin Miehm, center, to Peoria of the International Hockey League. East Coast Hockey League JOHNSTOWN CHIEFS--Signed Bob Woods, forward. COLLEGE METROPOLITAN INTERCOLLEGIATE TRACK & FIELD ASSOCIATION -Named Ray Howell president; Mike Shea vice president; Jacqueline Blackett secretary; and Jim Grogan treasurer. NEW YORK COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC CONFERENCE -Named Barry Dlouhy and Joan Dlouby publicists. -Promoted Meg Zajicek to athletic trainer. Named Brooks Farry assistant athletic trainer. uate assistant baseball coach and Dan Mc. FORDHAM -Named ed Tony Cialone grad. Cabe special intern for promotions. SACRED HEART -Named Matthew Melisi strength and conditioning coach. forward, will miss ounce basketball season WYOMING-Announced Quein Higgins, because of an injury,
