# The Register-Guard — 1991-11-18 — p.16

**Publication:** The Register-Guard
**Date:** 1991-11-18
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Eugene, Oregon
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1264397911/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1264397911

## Paragraphs

"I think it's very important," said Steve Hertzberg, president of the Lane Amateur Hockey Association with more than 200 adult and youth members. "We want to be a citizen advisory board and want to recognized as such by the Fair Board. At our last meeting on Tuesday, the new assistant fairgrounds manager, Vern Thompson, seemed very receptive. "We just want to keep our ice arena, and we don't want it operated without an opportunity for us to have some input. The rink manager, Tom Bahls, has always been supportive of the user groups. We just want to go beyond that because he has to answer to (Fairgrounds Director) Steve McCulloch and the Fair Board. "There's really no one on the Fair Board who's an ice enthusiast, no one you can point to and say he's an advocate."

For more information about the Lane Amateur Hockey Association, call Steve Hertzberger at 741-2221; about the Eugene Figure Skating Club, call Carolyn Brown 343-7195; about the Lane Speedskating Club, call Steve Lader at 343-3249; about the Lane Amateur Broomball Association, call Brian Niemeyer at 343-1248.

Lane Amateur Hockey Association At Lane County Ice Adult League

the Fair Board see the rink in five years?" said Carolyn Brown, president of the Eugene Figure Skating Club. "I think the user groups need to know about that plan, the marketing strategy for the rink. We're spending a lot of time and money, so we would like some input. We also need to know where we fit in. How do they see us?" The rink manager since April 1990 after predecessor Kim Brusegaard resigned, the 27-year-old Bahls says he understands both sides of the equation. He also is a player for Eugene Blues hockey team and a former broomball player. "The user groups are our backbone financial, enthusiasm and awareness," Bahls said. "They are the ice arena. They really are. I'm also including public session skaters in that as well, but the ones with the voices and who get things done are four clubs. I fully understand where they're coming from."

Painting Specialties. HOCKEY

Beau Smith 326, Mike Hoffman 320, Ryan Eastman 301, Aaron Albert 291, Dustin Edblom 242. JUNIOR-SENIOR - Scott Holloway 486, Jeremy Bunker 409, Buddy Thomas 359, Keno Phillips 303, Steve Stevenson 193. Emerald Lanes Women HIGH GAMES LEAGUE Carol Bachelder 256, Mary Curl 253, Donna Chittenden 249, Debbie Cleverly 249, Teresa Myers 245, Bev Poplin 245, Shirley Norris 244, Betty O'Kelly 238, Elly Bright 235, Joan Cummings 233. HIGH SERIES LEAGUE - Donna Chittenden 630, Tami Nelson 619, Mary Curl 616, Debbie Cleverly 612, Elly Bright 608, Martha Meier 605, Barbara Cook 598, Yvonne Zoumboukos 592, Carol Bachelder 587, Judy Steele 584. Men HIGH GAMES LEAGUE Dennis Powell 279, Marlin Alvis 269, Wayne Holt 266, Mike Ewing 257, Ivan Krader 256, Steve Wile 252, Don Hudgens 250, Larry Dougherty 248, Terry McLeery 248, Andy Smith 247. HIGH SERIES LEAGUE Steve Wile 698, Dennis Chittenden 696, Mike Ewing 691, Mark Lindsey 684, Andy Smith 684, Dennis Powell 680, Larry VanCurler 676, Jeff Overall 673, Larry Dougherty 663, Tim Poublon 658. Timber Bowl Women HIGH SERIES LEAGUE Wendy Creamer 569, Erma Schneider 564, Marilyn Zigler 560, Nancy Holland 547, Wanda Dowdy 538, Carol Jones 528, Kathy Erickson 521, Prudy Heath 519, Wilma Erne 513, Lois DeAnglis 500, Carol Jones 500, Linda Fugitt 495. BANTAM - Stephanie Bour 255. PREP Tara Funderburk 198. - JUNIOR - Cheryl Smith 392. MAJOR - Terri Horner 428. HIGH GAMES LEAGUE Carol Jones 241, Maxine Stringfellow 222, Wanda Dowdy 215, Wendy Creamer E 212, Donna Fountain 212, Prudy Heath 211, Erma Schneider 209, Marilyn Zigler 194, Maggie Myers 190, Cindy Spague 184, Colleen Schirmer 181, Cindy Zimmerman 180. BANTAM - Stephanie Bour 92. PREP - Tara Funderburk 74. JUNIOR Cheryl Smith 164. MAJOR Terri Horner 191. Men HIGH SERIES LEAGUE - Mike Zigler 655, Guy Mayers 613, Paul Brown 605, Jerry Gorton 600, Mike Zigler 577, Jim Williams 566, Dan Madden 564, Ron Perry 558. BANTAM Stephen Wallace 247. PREP - Nathan Goble 358. JUNIOR Jason Phillips 468. MAJOR-SENIOR Michael Funderburk 549. HIGH GAMES LEAGUE Mike Zigler 229, Jerry Gorton 225, Paul Brown 221, Marv Curl 221, Guy Mayers 216, Mike Zigler 211, Ron Perry 205, Mike Funderburk 201. BANTAM Danny Ganz 93. PREP Nathan Goble 127. JUNIOR - Jason Phillips 191. MAJOR-SENIOR - Michael Funderburk 218.

Lane Amateur Hockey Association At Lane County Ice Youth League
