# The Vancouver Sun — 1991-02-28 — p.63

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1991-02-28
**Page:** 63
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495197228/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 495197228

## Paragraphs

• The SFU Clan women's basketball team will qualify for the NAIA tournament for the second straight year with a victory tonight over the visiting Seattle University Chieftains in the District One championship game. The Clan defeated Chieftains by 14 and 20 points in two reguthe lar season games between the teams. At least one coach - Western Washington's Carmen Dolfo - is confident that SFU will advance to Jackson, Tenn., for the March 6-12 nationals. "I think SFU will qualify and reach the Final Four, at the very least," Dolfo said Tuesday after the Clan defeated the Vikings in the district semi-final. "They have so much talent and depth." • UBC forward Grant Delcourt was named to the first team and Thunderbird defenceman Henry Czenczek was a second-team selection in voting for the Canada West hockey all-star teams, announced Wednesday. Calgary Dinosaurs and Alberta Golden Bears dominated the all-star squad selections. Named to the first team were defencemen Doug Quinn of Calgary and Alberta's Ian Herbers, along with forwards Wayne Hynes of Calgary, Doug McCarthy of Alberta and Delcourt. Rod Houk of Regina was the first -team goaltender. Named to the second team were Alberta netminder Gavin Armstrong, defencemen Garth Premak of Alberta and Czenczek, forwards Len Nielsen of Regina, David Whistle of Brandon and Calgary's Matt Kabayama. Bill Moores of Alberta was voted coach of the year by his colleagues.
