# The Boston Globe — 1991-02-19 — p.52

**Publication:** The Boston Globe
**Date:** 1991-02-19
**Page:** 52
**Location:** Boston, Massachusetts
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/439435558/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22
**Image ID:** 439435558

## Paragraphs

GLOBE STAFF PHOTO / TOM HERDE Tufts' Dan Meserve (13) knocks the ball away from MIT's Dave Tomlinson in last night's game at Medford. Tufts rolled, 117-88.

N.E. roundup Villanova lines up a victory over BC Greg Woodard scored 25 points early and led at halftime, 65-41. and Arron Bain added 17 as Villanova Dave Tomlinson led MIT (8-14) hit 36 of 45 from the free throw line to with 32 points. defeat Boston College, 73-61, last N.H. College 86, AIC 84 - Willie Scurnight in Philadelphia as the Eagles ry scored 22 points and Wayne Robertdropped their 12th straight Big East son had 18 points and 7 rebounds to game. lead New Hampshire College (17-8) at It was the fourth straight victory Springfield. for Villanova (14-10, 7-6) over Boston College (11-15, 1-12). Hockey The Eagles were 17 for 25 from Suffolk 7, N.H. College 6 Sean the line and committed 24 turnovers. 'Driscoll notched a hat trick as Suffolk The Wildcats hit only two of their jumped to a 3-0 first-period lead and first 12 shots and trailed, 17-10, with held off a late charge for an ECAC 8:54 left in the first half. Villanova North victory at Brown Arena. then rallied and took its first lead, 27- Brian Horan aided the Suffolk (19- 26, on a 3-point shot by Woodard. 4-0) cause with two goals and three asVillanova led, 29-28, at halftime, sists. Jerry Abban and Jay Bainton had despite making only 6 of 30 shots, two goals apiece for N.H. College (9-6- 16.7 percent. They converted on all 14 3). of their free throws in the first half. Framingham St. 7, Wesleyan 6 - TrailVillanova never trailed in the sec- ing, 3-1, after the first period, Framingond half and took a 41-34 lead on a ham State (8-14-1) had a five-goal outlayup by Bain with 16:04 to play. burst in the second period to earn the The Eagles closed to 52-49 on two victory at Westboro. foul shots by Malcolm Huckaby with Wesleyan is 8-15-2. 6:31 remaining. A jumper by Bill Cur- N.E. College 6, North Adams St. 2 - ley brought Boston College within 60- Jeff Dandretta scored two goals and Al 55 with 2:44 to go, but then the Wild- Nadeau had a goal and an assist for cats converted on seven straight foul New England College at Concord, N.H. shots to secure the win. North Adams (2-18-2) needed 47 Lance Miller added 15 points for saves from Dave Flint to keep the Villanova, while Howard Eisley had game respectable. 18 and Curley 13 for the Eagles. AIC 7, Assumption 2 - Steve SangerTufts 117, MIT 88. - Bill Slackman con- mano scored the first and last goals and nected on seven of nine 3-pointers and goalie Dan Bouchard stopped 29 shots scored 29 points for host Tufts. to lift American International (15-9-1) Tufts (15-6) broke the game open at Worcester.
