# The Vancouver Sun — 1991-04-15 — p.25

**Publication:** The Vancouver Sun
**Date:** 1991-04-15
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/495126466/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22
**Image ID:** 495126466

## Paragraphs

of-seven series at 3-3 on goals by Dave Tomlinson, Jeff Brown and Dave Lowry in a 3-0 victory over the Red Wings on Sunday night. "When they see Adam Oates throwing his body around like he did tonight, the other guys attention," Hull said. "You know, good defence from us fires us up the same

3-1 in the series after finishing the regular season 20 points ahead of their Alberta rivals. Calgary has faced heavy criticism in the past for bowing out of the playoffs early including last year when the Los Angeles Kings beat the Flames. A loss to Edmonton Sunday would have been hard for the team and fans to take. "It obviously wasn't a great play on my part," said Messier, the Oilers' captain, in a solemn dressing room that was almost deserted. "Fleury got the puck on the fly and all our guys were just standing still. didn't have a chance of catchBut we've got to forget about it now and regroup and go at it for game seven. It should be a great game." •Brett Hull never got a shot on goal. Instead, the St. Louis Blues relied on defence to stave off elimination in their Norris Division series with the Detroit Red Wings. Fighting for a small piece of NHL history, the Blues evened the bestof-seven series at 3-3 on goals by Dave Tomlinson, Jeff Brown and Dave Lowry in a 3-0 victory over the Red Wings. "When they see Adam Oates throwing his body around like he did tonight, the other guys pay attention," Hull said. "You know, good defence from us fires us up the same as good offence does." Hull led the NHL with 86 regularseason goals. But the Blues were third in the NHL on defence, allowing only 3.13 goals a game. "I think my reputation is as a goalscorer, but this team's reputation is a pretty good defensive club." Hull said." It was the fifth shutout this season for Vincent Riendeau, who handled 23 shots. The Blues had 21 shots on Tim Cheveldae. It was the first time Detroit had been held scoreless in a playoff game since 1978 and the first shutout by the Blues since 1984. The seventh and deciding game will be Tuesday night in St. Louis.
