# The Times-Transcript — 1991-12-18 — p.10

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1991-12-18
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107146378/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1107146378

## Paragraphs

By Gerard McLaughlin Sports Reporter Remember Moncton? Matt Hervey does. "My time in Moncton was both good and bad," offered the candid Hervey Monday as he prepared to return for the first time with his new team the Maine Mariners - for an American Hockey League game Prior to signing a two-year contract with the NHL Boston Bruins with Moncton Hawks tonight. during the summer, the 25-year-old Hervey, a Whittier, Cal. native, Hervey was a free-agent walk-on with the youthful 1987-88 Hawks, spent four seasons on the Hawks blueline. the first fully staffed farm-team that the NHL Winnipeg Jets established here. The 1987-88 Hawks struggled to win only 27 games but then made Hervey says he made some "great friends" in Moncton, but he the playoffs in two of the next three seasons. candidly claims he was never really happy with the hockey side of life. "It was frustrating playing in Moncton year after year and not getting a real chance in Winnipeg,' he says. "It wasn't only me either. Hockey is my profession and playing four years without getting a chance just builds up a lot of frustration. You get so irked. I needed a change. After playing the first five games of the current season in Boston, Hervey was then demoted by former Hawks boss and now Bruins coach Rick Bowness to Maine. But, he's not sulking or disappointed now. In fact, he's hoping for another opportunity in Beantown before the season concludes. "Rick explained that right now it's a numbers game and I have to wait my chance,' says Hervey. "He told me to work hard and something will eventually happen. I'm not here counting the days but I'm confident I can play in Boston when my time comes. I think the Bruins defensive style, 'don't be flashy. . move it up,' is the kind of hockey I play best.' Meanwhile, Hervey is still somewhat frustrated over the treatement tendered him by the Jets. "I just like to know where I stand and very few players knew where they stood in the Winnipeg organization. I don't feel we were treated fairly," he says.

File Photo Matt Hervey played four seasons with the before moving on to the Maine MariMariners, the e AHL affiliate of the Boston on the Hawks tonight.
