# Ledger-Enquirer — 1991-10-12 — p.22

**Publication:** Ledger-Enquirer
**Date:** 1991-10-12
**Page:** 22
**Location:** Columbus, Georgia
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/857893711/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 857893711

## Paragraphs

DETROIT PISTONS Released Roy Marble, guard-forward, and Malcolm Hollensteiner, center. HOUSTON ROCKETS--Signed Vernon Maxwell, guard, to a lour-year contract extension. Signed Wayne Rollins, center. Renounced rights to David Wood, forward, MILWAUKEE BUCKS Named Butch Carter assistant coach. NEW JERSEY NETS Waived Sean Muto and Brian D'Amico, centers. FOOTBALL National Football League ATLANTA FALCONS- Placed Mike Gann, detensive end, on injured reserve. Activated John Rade, linebacker, from the physically unable to perform list and Jason Phillips, wide receiver, from injured reserve. CLEVELAND BROWNS--Placed Leonard Burton, guard, on injured reserve. Claimed Mike Wise relensive end, off waivers from the Los Angelest aiders. INDIANAPOLIS COLTS--Activated William

Rostagno upsets Becker in 3rd round of Seiko Super Boris Becker's troubles continued Friday, when he was upset in the third round of the $1 million Seiko Super Tennis Tournament in Tokyo. The second-seeded Becker was upset by No. 7 Derrick Rostagno of the United States 7-6 (7-4), 4-6, 6-3. Fourth-seeded Andre Agassi also lost, beaten by sixth-seeded Goran Ivanisevic of Yugoslavia 6-3, 6-4. Top-seeded Stefan Edberg of Sweden beat American Michael Chang, the eighth seed, 6-2, 6-2, and third-seeded Ivan Lendl defeated the fifth -seed, American David Wheaton 7-6 (7-5), 7-5. NFL FOOTBALL Falcons activate Rade, Phillips The Atlanta Falcons placed linebacker John Rade and wide receiver Jason Phillips on the active roster and put defensive end Mike Gannon injured reserve. Rade, who has had

HOCKEY National Hockey League BUFFALO SABRES-Assigned Brian Curran, defenseman, to Rochester of the American Hockey League. Assigned Lou Franceschetti, right to New Haven of the American Hockey League.

HOCKEY
