# The Union — 1992-09-27 — p.33

**Publication:** The Union
**Date:** 1992-09-27
**Page:** 33
**Location:** Sacramento, California
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1237119222/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1237119222

## Paragraphs

BASEBALL American League CALIFORNIA ANGELS -Signed a four-year player development contract with Cedar Rapids of the Midwest league. FOOTBALL National Football League NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS Placed Tim Gordon, safety, on injured reserve. Aclivo1ed Dorren Anderson, cornerback, from the practice squad. NEW ORLEANS SAINTS- Waived Cary Blanchard, placekicker. Activated Tommie Stowers, tight end, from the practice squad. HOCKEY National Hockey Loogue NEW JERSEY DEVILS--Assigned Martin Brodeur, Doug Dadswell and Chad Erickson, goalies; Todd Copeland, Kevin Dean, Petr Kuchyna, Dean Malcec, Jaroslav Modry, Chris Nelson and Mott Ruchty, defensemen; Jim Dowd, David Emma, Donovan Hextafl and Kevin Riehl, centers; Jeff Christian, Jason Miller, Scott Pellerin and Curt Regnier, left wings; and Mike Bodnarchuk, Ben Hankinson and Brian Sullivan, right wings, 10 Utica of the American Hockey League. Relurned Heath Weenk, defenseman, to his junior teom. PITTSBURGH PENGUINS- -Agreed to terms with Joe Mullen, right wing. TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING -Assigned Shawn Boston, Jeff Buchanon, Tyler Ertel, Mork Green, Brent Gretzky , Jeff Harding, Matt Hervey, Jason Lafreniere, Chris Lipumo, Kevin MacKay, Colin Miller, Keith Osborne, Manon Rheaume, Bob Robinson, Gorin Smith, Shayne Stevenson and Dan Vincelette to Ailanta of the International Hockey League. Returned Trevor Robins, goalie, to Saskatoon of the Western Hockey League. Water Polo
