# The Times — 1992-09-05 — p.28

**Publication:** The Times
**Date:** 1992-09-05
**Page:** 28
**Location:** Trenton, New Jersey
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1197090560/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 1197090560

## Paragraphs

Ernie Harwell, fired in 1991 after 32 years as the radio voice of the Detroit Tigers, is expected to be back next season as a member of the team's broadcasting crew. Mike llitch, the new Tigers owner, said yesterday he had offered Harwell a job sharing broadcasting duties with Rick Rizzs and Bob Rathbun, the two men hired to replace Harwell. Details of the new deal were incomplete, but llitch said he hoped to be able to announce the whole package late next week. Bruins acquire Kimble The Boston Bruins acquired right wing Darin Kimble from the expansion Tampa Bay Lightning yesterday for center Ken Hodge and defenseman Matt Hervey. Kimble, 23, has played four seasons in the NHL with Quebec and St. Louis. The 6-foot-2, 205-pounder had a goal with three assists in 46 games for the Blues last season. In 177 NHL games, Kimble has 12 goals, 15 assists and 747 penalty minutes. Hodge, 26, was named to the NHL's

American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Sent Ricky Gutierrez, infielder, to the San Diego Padres to complete the Craig Lefferts trade. Recalled Steve Scarsone, infielder, from Rochester of the International League. Assigned Tommy Shields, infielder, to Rochester. *SEATTLE MARINERS Recalled Jeff Schaefer, infielder, from Calgary the Pacific Coast League. R #TORONTO BLUE JAYS Bit! Byckowski assistant director of Canadian scouting. National League *O" SAN DIEGO PADRES- Optioned Ricky Gutierrez, infielder, to Las Vegas 4 the Pacific Coast ,League. Sent Rafael Valdez, p' ter, outright to Las Vegas. : BASKETBALL National Basketball Association UTAH JAZZ--Signed John Crotty, guard, to • - one-year contract. HOCKEY National Hockey League BOSTON BRUINS-Acquired Darin Kimble, right wing, from the Tampa Bay Lightning for Ken Hodge, center, and Matt Hervey, defenseman. A: NEW YORK RANGERS--Singed Joby Messier and Brad Tiley, defensemen, and Craig Duncanson and Dave Thomlinson, left wings. Mi
