# The Signal — 1992-09-27 — p.30

**Publication:** The Signal
**Date:** 1992-09-27
**Page:** 30
**Location:** Santa Clarita, California
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/334663402/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 334663402

## Paragraphs

Adanta Pick'em SAN DIEGO PRO FOOTBALL (NFL) Favorite Points Underdog NY Jets 2 (36) LA RAMS CHICAGO 3% (37) Atanta Buffalo 15% (40) NEW ENGLAND Denver 3% (33) CLEVELAND HOUSTON 11% (40) San Diego CINCINNATI 1 (43) Minnesota DETROIT 9 (43% ) Tampa Bay Miami 5% (37) SEATTLE Pittsburgh 4 (38) GREEN BAY San Francisco 3 (35%) NEW ORLEANS (Monday) KANSAS CITY 7 (37) LA Raiders Home team in CAPS Saturday, Oct. 10 NL West at NL East, 5:37 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 11 NL West at NL East, 1:10 p.m, if necessary Tuesday, Oct 13 NL East at NL West, 5:37 p.m., il necessary Wednesday, Oct. 14 NL East at NL West, 5:26 p.m, if necessary 000 WORLD SERIES Saturday, Oct. 17 American League at National League, 529 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 18 AL at NL, 5:29 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 2 20 NL at AL, 5:29 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 21

ANAHEIM (AP) - Great expectations have soured into great frustrations for the New York Jets. "We're not playing very well," coach Bruce Coslet said. "With the expectations we had going into the season, their attitude and demeanor is not real good right now, I have to admit." The Jets, unbeaten in the preseason, are 0-3 going into Sunday's game against the Los Angeles Rams (1-2) at Anaheim Stadium. "We consider ourselves a playoff-caliber team," Coslet said. "We haven't shown anything close to that so far. There's no area that isn't a concern. We're searching. It's frustrating for us, (but) we're not going to make wholesale changes. That wouldn't benefit anybody." One man who still believes the Jets have playoff potential is Rams coach Chuck Knox. "I think the Jets are a talented football team. That's why they were picked to compete with Buffalo in the division," Knox said. "The people who predicted that were probably right. They've had some things happen to them. We know we're going against a football team with a lot of talent.' Although the Rams have won once, a 14-0 victory over the New

AMERICAN CONFERENCE West W L T Pct. PA LA Raiders 3 .000 San Diego 3 .000 68 Seattle 2 0 333 Kansas City 2 0 667 Denver 2 0 .667 56 1 *88888 Central Pittsburgh 3 0 0 1.000 79 40 Cincinnati 2 1 0 .667 68 Houston 0 667 67 Cleveland O 333 54 East Buffalo 3 0 1.000 112 Miami 2 0 1.000 53 Indianapolis 1 2 0 333 24 61 New England 0 2 0 .000 6 & N.Y. Jets 0 .000 41 8 NATIONAL CONFERENCE West Pet. PF PA New Orleans 2 1 .667 51 28 San Francisco 2 0 .667 93 62 Atlanta 0 333 44 51 N- LA Rams N 0 .333 31 66

Central Minnesota N 66 Tampa Bay 2 Chicago Detroit N Green Bay 2 0 77 East Dallas 0 1.000 88 Philadelphia 3 0 0 1.000 76 27 Washingion .667 47 N.Y. Giants 333 69 79 Phoenix 3 0 .000 41 85 Sunday's games New York Jets at Rams, p.m. Atlanta at Chicago, 10 a.m. Buffalo at New England, 10 a.m. Denver at Cleveland, 10 a.m. Minnesota at Cincinnaf, 10 am. San Diego at Houston, 10 a.m. Tampa Bay at Detroit, 10 a.m. Miami al Seattle, 1 p.m. Pitsburgh at Green Bay, 1 p.m. San Francisco at New Orleans, 5 p.m. Monday's game Raiders at Kansas City, 6 p.m. OPEN DATE: Dallas, Indianapolis, New York Giants, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Washington.

Jets attempt to bring end to disappointment ent against Rams

England Patriots, the Jets still rate as a 1-point favorite. New York should get a boost from the return of quarterback Browning Nagle, who missed last week's 31-14 loss to San Francisco because of a bruised index finger. Nagle, a 1991 second-round pick who beat out 10-year veteran Ken O'Brien during the exhibition season, made an impressive debut in the opener, a loss at Atlanta. He hurt his finger in a defeat by Pittsburgh the following week when his hand hit the helmet of an opponent. He's eager to get back into action, saying, "The first three games were big and this one's bigger. We've got to get that first win under our belts.' While Coslet is happy that Nagle is scheduled to play, the coach doesn't expect any miracles from his return. "We knew it was going to be an up-and-down season because. we were starting a young quarterback,' Coslet said. "The other reasons we cannot seem to play up to our capabilities have been distressing, to say the least." Other injuries also have hurt the Jets. They lost defensive end Jeff Lageman, a first-round pick in 1989, for the season after the second game.

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) - In fluent coachspeak, Art Shell just could not find the words to admit his winless, luckless Raiders will be in a do-or-die state in Kansas City on Monday night. "We're in hard times right now," Shell said. "We've just got to keep fighting, get this thing turned around.' Eric Dickerson, however, was more to the point. "It is must-win," said the Raiders running back. "We must beat Kansas City." These are sunny days for Raiders haters. A loss to the Chiefs (2-1), who have beaten them five in a row, would plunge the silver and black to 0-4 for the first time in 28 years. It would give them an eight -game losing streak dating back to last season, including a playoff loss in Kansas City. It would render them winless for the first quarter of a schedule that only gets meaner, with battles looming against Buffalo, Philadelphia, Washington and Dallas besides the rugged AFC West. No team since the 1981 New York Jets has reached the postseason with even an 0-3 record. The Raiders, who pride themselves on

"Losing Lageman hurts, it really does," Coslet said. "He was just starting to come into his own a as a force at defensive end. He was a leader by example, a tough guy. It's tough to replace him." Although they're winless, the Jets could even their record in a hurry. After drawing three tough opponents to start the season, New York is scheduled against the Rams, New England (0-2) and Indianapolis (1-2). While the Jets had high hopes heading into the year, the Rams figured to struggle. Following a 3-13 season that led to John Robinson's resignation, Knox' returned, as coach, a position he held 20 years before. Despite having won one game, the Rams obviously need a lot of improvement in a lot of areas. "I don't feel anger or frustration. We just have to keep pushing, concentrate on the details of our assignments," Knox said. "We've got to play an entire game. We've gotta come out smoking." The Rams have been overwhelmed early in their two losses, 40-7 to Buffalo and 26-10 to Miami. Knox thinks both the Jets and the Rams will be eager to end their frustration, saying, "They'll come in fired up. By the same token, we should be fired up, too."

son and Matt Ruchty, defensemen; Jim Dowd, David Emma, Donovan Hextall and Kevin Riehl, centers; Jeff Christian, Jason Miller, Scott Pellerin and Curt Regnier, left wings; and Mike Bodnarchuk, Ben Hankinson and Brian Sullivan, right wings, to Utica of the American Hockey League. Returned Heath Week, defenseman, to his junior team. PITTSBURGH PENGUINS - Agreed 10 terms with Joe Mullen, right wing. TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING -Assigned Shawn Boston, Jeff Buchanon, Tyler Ertel, Mark Green, Brent Gretzky, Jeff Harding, Matt Hervey, Jason Lafreniere, Chris Lipuma, Kevin MacKay, Colin Miller, Keith Osborne, Manon Rheaume, Bob Robinson, Garin Smith, Shayne Stevenson and Dan Vincelette to Atlanta of the International Hockey League. Returned Trevor Robins, goalie, to Saskatoon of the Western Hockey League. American Hockey League ADIRONDACK RED WINGS Named Joe Paterson assistant coach. COLLEGE BROCKPORT STATE - Named Joan
