# The Olympian — 1992-09-05 — p.16

**Publication:** The Olympian
**Date:** 1992-09-05
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Olympia, Washington
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/805143764/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 805143764

## Paragraphs

American Conference East W L Pct. PF PA Buffalo 0 .000 00 00 Indianapolis 00 000 00 Miami .000 00 New England 0 .000 00 N.Y Jets 0 0 .000 00 00 Central Cincinnati 0 .000 00 00 Cleveland 0 000 00 00 Houston 000 00 Pittsburgh 0 .000 00 .00 West Denver 0 .000 00 00 Kansas City 00 LA Raiders 000 000 00 00 San Diego 000 00 00 Seattle 0 0 000 00 00 National Conference East W L Pct. PF PA Dallas 0 000 00 00 N.Y. Giants 000 000 00 00 Philadelphia, 00 0 0 0 000 Phoenix 00 .000 00 00 Washington 0 0 000 00 00 Central Chicago 0 0 000 00 00 Detroit 000 00 00 Green Bay 000 00 00 Minnesota 0 000 00 00 Tampa Bay 00 0 .000 00 00 West Atlanta 0 0 000 00 00 LA Rams 0 000 00 00 New Orleans 0 00 0 .000 00 00 San Francisco 0 0 0 .000 00 00 Sunday's Games Cleveland at Indianapolis, 10 a.m. Detroit at Chicago, 10 a.m. Los Angeles Rams at Buffalo 10 a.m. Minnesota at Green Bay, 10 a.m. New Orleans at Philadelphia, 10 a.m. New York Jets at Atlanta. 10 a.m. Pittsburgh at Houston, 10 a.m. Cincinnati at Seattle, 1 p.m. Kansas City at San Diego, 1 p.m. Phoenix at Tampa Bay, 1 p.m. San Francisco at New York Giants, 1 p.m.

(Home Team in CAPS) FAVORITE LINE UNDERDOG MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL NATIONAL LEAGUE CHICAGO 8½-9½ San Diego CINCINNATI 6-7 New York ATLANTA 7½-8½ Philadelphia MONTREAL. 8½-9½ Houston ST LOUIS 8½-9½ San Francisco AMERICAN LEAGUE NEW YORK 5½-6½ Texas TORONTO 6-7 Minnesota CLEVELAND Even-6 Seattle OAKLAND 9-10 Boston Milwaukee 5½-6½ DETROIT KANSAS CITY Pick'em Chicago Baltimore 5½-6½ CALIFORNIA COLLEGE FOOTBALL BOSTON COLLEGE 4½ Rutgers North Carolina 8½ WAKE FOREST OHIO STATE 16 Louisville NEBRASKA 26½ Utah ALABAMA 23 Vanderbilt AIR FORCE 6½ Rice Memphis State 7 SOUTHERN MISS COLORADO 24 Colorado State Texas A & M 8½ LSU Usc 6½ SAN DIEGO STATE Notre Dame-B 34 . . . . . NORTHWESTERN OREGON 10 Hawaii Kansas 13½ OREGON STATE FLORIDA STATE 32 Duke Georgia 8 SOUTH Syracuse 11 EAST CAROLINA VIRGINIA 15½ Maryland Auburn 4½ MISSISSIPPI TENNESSEE 20½ Sw Louisiana Houston 2½ TULSA Penn State 26 CINCINNATI TEXAS 2. Mississippi State Miami-Florida 14 IOWA BAYLOR 10 Louisiana Tech SMU 3 Tulane BYU 11 UTEP TCU 15½ NEW MEXICO Washington 20½ ARIZONA STATE NFL FOOTBALL WEEK 1 Sunday PHILADELPHIA 3½ New Orleans BUFFALO 11 LA Rams CHICAGO 3½ Detroit ATLANTA 3 NY Jets HOUSTON 11 Pittsburgh Minnesota GREEN BAY Cleveland 5½ INDIANAPOLIS San Francisco 3½ NY GIANTS Kansas City 2½ SAN DIEGO SEATTLE Cincinnati MIAMI-C X New England TAMPA BAY Phoenix DENVER 3½ LA Raiders Monday Washington 2 DALLAS (A)-DOUBLEHEADER AT NEW YORK (B)-AT SOLIDER FIELD (C)-POSTPONED Odds by Jim Feist Sports, Las Vegas, Nev.

HOCKEY National Hockey League BOSTON BRUINS -Acquired Darin Kimble. right wing, from the Tampa Bay Lightning for Ken Hodge, center, and Matt Hervey, defenseman. NEW YORK RANGERS Singed Joby Messier and Brad Tiley, defensemen, and Craig Duncanson and Dave Thomlinson, left wings. East Coast Hockey League ERIE PANTHERS Named Barry Smith assistant coach.

The Associated Press DAN MAKES IT: Dan O'Brien clears the pole vault bar during the first day of a decathlon Friday in France. O'Brien, the 1991 world champion, was on record pace after five events. He missed making the Olympic team this summer after failing to clear a height in the pole vault at the U.S. trials. Mitchell tracks down Lewis, Bubka misses in pole vault TURIN, Italy - World record- holder Sergei Bubka no-heighted in the pole vault again and Dennis Mitchell scored his second straight victory over Carl Lewis in the 100-meter dash Friday night at the IAAF Mobil Grand Prix finals. Kevin Young, Olympic champion and world record-holder in the 400-meter hurdles, scored his 11th straight Grand Prix victory. In a duplication of his Olympic failure, Bubka missed three times at his opening height, 19 feet, 2½ inches. Only last Sunday, he set the world record record of 20-1 at Padua. Bubka received a chorus of whistles and boos from the crowd. Mitchell, winner of the U.S. Olympic trials and the Olympic bronze medal, used a strong start in winning the 100. HOCKEY • RANGERS SIGN FOUR PLAYERS: The New York Rangers signed defensemen Joby Messier and Brad Tiley and left wings Craig Duncanson and Dave Thomlinson on Friday. Terms of the contracts were not disclosed. • BRUINS PICK UP WINGER: The Boston Bruins acquired right wing Darin Kimble from the expansion Tampa Bay Lightning on Friday for center Ken Hodge and defenseman Matt Hervey. WRESTLING • OKLAHOMA STATE TO NAME COACH: John Smith will be introduced as the new head wrestling coach at Oklahoma State by Wednesday, according to a published report. The Stillwater NewsPress reported in Friday's editions that President John Campbell and Athletic tic Director Jim Garner submitted Smith's name for approval to university regents. OBITUARY • FORMER U.S. SWIM COACH DIES: Sherm Chavoor, who coached Olympic swimming champions Mark Spitz, Debbie MeyerReyes and Mike Burton, has died of cancer at the age of 73. Chavoor, whose swimmers won 31 Olympic medals, 20 of them gold, died Thursday at his home in Gold River, Calif. BASKETBALL • JAZZ, VIRGINIA GUARD AGREE: The Utah Jazz signed former Virginia guard John Crotty to a one-year contract Friday. Crotty, 23, played for Jazz in the Rocky Mountain Revue in Salt Lake City and in the California Summer League, where he averaged 15.0 points and 11.6 assists. AROUND THE WORLD • IRAQI ATHLETES LOCKED OUT: Syria denied Iraqi athletes permission to enter the country Friday to compete in a major Arab sports tournament, the head of the 170-member team said. Ali Al-Turki said Syrian border officials told him that Damascus had not invited the Iraqis to participate in the 14-day Seventh Arab Sports Tournament, which opened in the Syrian capital on Friday. ALSO FRIDAY STOCK EXCHANGE HONORING OLYMPIANS: Sixteen U.S. Olympians will be recognized by the New York Stock Exchange on Sept. 17 during a salute to the 1992 team. Afterward, Sotherby's will conduct an auction of sports memorabilia.
