# The Tampa Tribune — 1992-09-25 — p.234

**Publication:** The Tampa Tribune
**Date:** 1992-09-25
**Page:** 234
**Location:** Tampa, Florida
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/338986786/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 338986786

## Paragraphs

Who: Tampa Bay Lightning (2-1-1) vs. Ottawa Senators (0-1-2). Coaches: Lightning Terry Crisp (first year); Senators - Rick Bowness (first year). About the Senators: Just like the Lightning, the Senators are entering their ir first year of NHL competition. Most analysts believe, however, that Ottawa came out of the expansion draft the weakest. Despite the presence of former 40-goal scorer Sylvain Turgeon, the Senators lack experience on offense and defense. They do, however, have a competent goaltender in Peter Sidorkiewicz and some veteran leadership in D Brad on Marsh and C Mark Lamb. Senators key players: Turgeon will not make the trip, so Ottawa will be looking for prospects Lonnie Loach (37-49-86 for Adirondack) and Mark Freer (6-7-13 in 50 games for Philadelphia) to provide some scoring. D Darrin Rumble was one of the Senators' better expansion draft picks. G Darrin Madeley has been critical of the Lightning's decision to offer Manon Rheaume a tryout. Lightning key players: D Matt Hervey, a right-handed shot, has one of the best slap shots on the team and could be positioning himself for a roster spot. C Brent Gretzky has played well in his last two games, impressing the Lightning brass. RW Stan Drulia also has been impressive. A few good shifts on special teams could win him a roster spot. What to look for: Both clubs are trying to pare their rosters, so you're

assists to lead Minnesota over St. Louis. Modano's power-play score was game's first goal, at 7:13. Goaltenders Jon Casey and Jeff Levy shared the shutout. NORDIQUES 3, FLAMES 1: At Quebec, Valeri Kamensky scored twice to lead Quebec over Calgary. Bill Lindsay had the other Quebec goal, while Cory Stillman scored for Calgary. CANUCKS 7, WHALERS 3: At Hartford, Conn., Doug Lidster had two goals and Vancouver scored four times on the power play as the Canucks beat Hartford in a penaltyfilled exhibition game. JETS 6, OILERS 4: At Winnipeg, Manitoba, Thomas Steen scored two third-period goals to lead Winnipeg past Edmonton. Steen's goals were part o of a fourgoal Winnipeg outburst - three the power play - as the Jets 1 rebounded from a 3-2 second-period deficit.

TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING 3 Doug Crossman D 4 Jim Benning 11 Dan Vincelette LW 12 Jock Callander C 13 Martin Simard RW 16 Chris Kontos LW 17 Basil McRae LW 20 Steve Tuttle RW 21 Tim Bergland RW 24 Jason LaFrenier C 25 Marc Bergevin D 26 Matt Hervey 27 Stan Drulia RW 29 Joe Reekie 33 David Littman 35 Pat Jabionski G 37 Steve Maltais LW 44 Roman Hamrlik D 49 Brent Gretzky C
