# Democrat and Chronicle — 1992-09-05 — p.6

**Publication:** Democrat and Chronicle
**Date:** 1992-09-05
**Page:** 6
**Location:** Rochester, New York
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/138481473/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 138481473

## Paragraphs

Jets Journal kicks off season tonight New York Jets fans can get a weekly dose of their team with Jets Journal, a Madison Square Garden production that begins its sixth season tonight. The debut show is an hour, from 6-7. The rest of the season it runs from 6-6:30, unless it's bumped to a later slot by live programming. SPORTS Al Trautwig and former JetsWATCH are Giants the punter co-hosts. Dave Jennings Jennings, also a radio analyst for Jets' football, has some interesting picks when it comes to the playoffs. In the AFC, he selects Buffalo, Houston and Kansas City as division winners, with the Jets, Cleveland and Miami as wildcard teams. In the NFC, he likes Washington, Chicago and San Francisco RICK as division champs, with PhilaWHEELER leans delphia, Minnesota and New Oras wild-card entrants. Jennings likes San Francisco to beat Houston in the Super Bowl. The Jets begin their season tomorrow against the tough Atlanta Falcons in the new, noisy Georgia Dome, a tough place to play for any visiting team. It will be quite a test t for second-year quarterback Browning Nagle, who has taken over from Ken O'Brien. "He has unlimited potential, a great attitude, but he's inexperienced," said Jennings, who played his college football at Division III St. Lawrence in northern New York. "We'll get some answers ... against Atlanta. They love to blitz." No more SU on Sunday mornings For the past few years, Syracuse University football games have been shown in our area Sunday mornings on a tape-delay basis by SportsChannel. That won't be the case this v year. That's because Empire Sports Network got the SU tape-delayed contract this season, and Greater Rochester Cablevision doesn't carry ESN. So if you want to watch SU, you have to go to its eight live regular-season broadcasts this fall on ABC, ESPN and Channel 8. No split screen this time Last year, Channel 8 tried to simultaneously please two audiences one Saturday afternoon when it put the U.S. Open and a Syracuse football game on split screen. Not this year. Instead, Channel 8 will carry only the Open today and next Saturday, and wait until Sept. 19, with Virginia Tech at Temple, to begin its weekly Big East football coverage. If you're a Big East fan, you still can get your fix today by watching Boston College-Rutgers at noon on SportsChannel. Rick Wheeler's Sports Watch column will appear daily in the Democrat and Chronicle and Times-Union. Phone him at 258-2765 or write 55 Exchange Blud., Rochester, N.Y., 14614.

the option year of his contract, signed a multi-year contract that will pay him $1.2 million per season. The length of the contract was not released. The agreement makes the 29-year-old Hawerchuk the second-highest paid Sabre behind centerman Pat LaFontaine, who earns $1.5 million per year plus bonuses that can push his salary to $1.8 million. Hawerchuk, entering his third season with the Sabers and his 12th in the National Hockey League, led Buffalo in scoring last season with 23 goals and 75 assists for 98 points. Dale He came to Buffalo in a trade that Hawerchuk sent defenseman Phil Housley to the Winnipeg Jets in June of 1990. The Sabres and Rochester Americans begin training camp next Saturday at Sabreland in Wheatfield.

LAS VEGAS LINE Gannett News Service (Home team in CAPS) Favorite Underdog Baseball American League NEW YORK 5½-6½ Texas •TORONTO 6-7 Minnesota 'CLEVELAND E-6 Seattle OAKLAND 9-10 Boston Milwaukee 5½-6½ DETROIT KANSAS CITY Pick Chicago Baltimore 5½-6½ CALIFORNIA National League CHICAGO 8½-9½ San Diego PITTSBURGH 8-9 Los Angeles CINCINNATI 6-7 New York ATLANTA 7½-8½ Philadelphia MONTREAL 8½-9½ Houston ST LOUIS 8½-9½ San Francisco College Football Today B.C, 4½ Rutgers N. Carolina 8½ WAKE FOR. OHIO STATE 16 Louisville NEBRASKA 26½ Utah ALABAMA 23 Vanderbilt AIR FORCE 6½ Rice Memphis St. 7 SO. MISS COLORADO 24 Colo. St. Texas A & M 81 LSU USC 6½ S. DIEGO ST. a-Notre Dame 34 'WESTERN OREGON 10 Hawaii Kansas 13 ½ OREGON ST. FLORIDA ST. 32 Duke Georgia 8 S. CAROLINA Syracuse 11 E. CAROLINA VIRGINIA 15½ Maryland Auburn 4½ MISS. TENNESSEE 20½/ SW Louis. Houston 2½ TULSA Penn St. 26 CINCINNATI TEXAS Miss. St. #Miami-Fia. 14 IOWA BAYLOR 10 Louis. Tech SMU 3 Tulane BYU 11 UTEP TCU 15½ NEW MEXICO Washington 20½ ARIZONA ST. A -At Soldier Field NFL Tomorrow PHILA. 3½ New Orleans BUFFALO 11 LA Rams CHICAGO 3½ Detroit ATLANTA 3 NY Jets HOUSTON 11 Pittsburgh Minnesota GREEN BAY Cleveland 5½ INDIANAP. San Fran. 3½ NY GIANTS Kansas City 2½ SAN DIEGO SEATTLE Cincinnati TAMPA BAY Phoenix DENVER 3 ½ LA Raiders Monday Washington 2 DALLAS

FOOTBALL NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE Regular season/week 1 Tomorrow Cleveland at Indianapolis, 1 p.m. Detroit at Chicago, 1 p.m. Los Angeles Rams at Buffalo 1 p.m. Minnesota at Green Bay, 1 p.m. New Orleans at Philadelphia, 1 p.m. New York Jets at Atlanta, 1 p.m. Pittsburgh at Houston, 1 p.m. Cincinnati at Seattle, 4 p.m. Kansas City at San Diego, 4 p.m. Phoenix at Tampa Bay, 4 p.m. San Francisco at New York Giants, 4 p.m. Los Angeles Raiders at Denver, 8 p.m. Monday Washington at Dallas, 9 p.m. CANADIAN FOOTBALL LEAGUE Eastern Division W L T PF PA Pts Hamilton 5 3 0 245 234 10 Winnipeg 4 0 235 216 8 Ottawa 0 229 215 8 Toronto 3 5 0 248 233 6 Western Division Calgary 6 2 0 264 216 12 Edmonton 269 236 12 Sasktchwn g 0 236 250 8 Brit Cimb 8 0 240 367 2 NOTE: Two points are awarded for a victory and one for a tie. Thursday British Columbia 33, Ottawa 27 Tomorrow Winnipeg at Saskatchewan, 3:30 p.m. Monday Edmonton at Calgary, 3:30 p.m. Toronto at Hamilton, 7:30 p.m.

American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES -Sent Ricky Gutierrez. infielder, to the San Diego Padres 10 complete the Craig Lefferts trade. Recalled Steve Scarsone, infielder, from Rochester of the International League. Assigned Tommy Shields, infielder, to Rochester. SEATTLE MARINERS- Recalled Jeff Schaefer, infielder, from Calgary of the Pacific Coast League. TORONTO TO BLUE JAYS- -Named Bill Byckowski assistant director of Canadian scouting. National League SAN DIEGO PADRES- Optioned Ricky Gutierrez, infielder, to Las Vegas of the Pacific Coast League. Sent Rafael Valdez, pitcher, outright to Las Vegas. BASKETBALL National Basketball Assoc. UTAH JAZZ- -Signed John Crotty, guard, to a one-year contract. Continental Basketball Assoc. FORT WAYNE FURY- -Traded the rights to Doug Lee, guard, to the Rochester Renegade for Irving Thomas, forward. LACROSSE CATBIRDS- -Traded Derrick Gervin and Peter Thibeaux, forwards, and future considerations to the Oklahoma City Cavalry for Stephen Thompson, guard, the rights to Michael Smith, center, and future considerations. RAPID CITY THRILLERS- -Signed Dwight Moody, guard. FOOTBALL National Football League ATLANTA FALCONS -Signed Bob Whitfield, tackle, to a series of four one-year contracts. GREEN BAY PACKERS- Signed Brian Noble, linebacker, to a two-year contract. DALLAS COWBOYS- -Signed Michael Irvin, wide receiver, to a three-year contract. LOS ANGELES RAIDERS -Waived Vince Evans, quarterback. Re-signed Derrick Gainer. running back. LOS ANGELES RAMS- Placed Robert Young, defensive end, on injured reserve. MIAMI DOLPHINS --Placed Mark Clayton, wide receiver, on injured reserve. Re-signed Jim Jensen, wide receiver. Canadian Football League BRITISH COLUMBIA LIONS- -Signed Shazzon Bradley, defensive tackle. HOCKEY National Hockey League BOSTON BRUINS -Acquired Darin Kimble, right wing, from the Tampa Bay Lightning for Ken Hodge, center, and Matt Hervey, defenseman. NEW YORK RANGERS- Singed Joby Messier and Brad Tiley, defensemen, and Craig Duncanson and Dave Thomlinson, left wings. COLLEGE BROCKPORT STATE- Named Ed Gonzalez women's tennis coach. DARTMOUTH- Named Barry Harwick men's track and cross country coach and Carl Wallin men's and women's field coach. IDAHO- -Named Beth Myatt assistant sports information director. JACKSONVILLE -Named Becky Motley women's track and field coach and Ted Swinford crew coach. NEW MEXICO STATE- Signed Jim Hess, football coach, to a one-year contract extension. PENN STATE- Announced that Eric Ravotti, senior linebacker, will sit out the 1992 season as a redshirt.

69-68-137 AUTO RACING San Jose Sharks -Cow Palace, Daly City, 70-67 -137 Calif., Sept. 11. 71-67-138 GENESEE SPEEDWAY Tampa Bay Lightning -Lakeland Civic 71-67-138 Heat winners Centre. Lakeland, Fla.; and Expo Hall at 71-67 -138 DIRT Sportsman: Bernie Pangrazio (Elba), Florida State Fairgrounds, Tampa, Fla., Sept. 71-67-138 Dave Cross (Byron), Ray Bliss Jr. (Warsaw) 11. 67-71-138 Super Stock: Jay Bentley (Albion), Russ Toronto Maple Leafs- (Ont.) 68-70-138 Lyons (East Bethany), Dave Judd (Elba) Arena and Maple Leaf Gardens, Sept. 11. 72-66-138 Street Stock: Bill Hallett (Bergen), Rob Vancouver Canucks- -Victoria Memorial 70-69-139 Culmone (Hilton), Eric Martin (Rochester) Arena and The Coliseum, Vancouver, Sept. 69-70-139 SOUTHERN 500 11. 70-69-139 At Darlington, S.C. Washington Capitals -Piney Orchard Ice 70-69-139 Qualifiers for tomorrow's race Rink, Odenton, Md., Sept. 11. 70-69-139 1. Sterling Marlin, Columbia, Tenn., Ford Winnipeg Jets -Winnipeg Arena, Sept. 66-73-139 Thunderbird, 162.249. 11.

Jimmi and Johnny Bredahl of Denmark made pro boxing history as they won World Boxing Organization titles in Copenhagen, Denmark. The brothers, both European champions and undefeated, also became Denmark's first pro boxing champions in modern times. Johnny Bredahl scored a unanimous 12-round decision over WBO junior bantamweight champ Jose Quirino of Mexico. It was his 15th consecutive win. Less than two hours later, his older brother Jimmi outpointed veteran Daniel Londas of France after 12 rounds for the WBO junior lightweight championship. It was the southpaw's 13th straight victory. Etcetera Sherm Chavoor, a non-swimmer who coached Olympic champ Mark Spitz, died Thursday in Sacramento, Calif. Chavoor's athletes at Arden Hills Swimming and Tennis Club in Carmichael, Calif. won 20 Olympic goals and 31 medals in all The Boston Bruins acquired right wing Darin Kimble from the Tampa Bay Lightning for center Ken Hodge and defenseman Matt Hervey. Compiled from The Associated Press and staff reports.
