# Grand Forks Herald — 1992-12-14 — p.18

**Publication:** Grand Forks Herald
**Date:** 1992-12-14
**Page:** 18
**Location:** Grand Forks, North Dakota
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1131162114/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1131162114

## Paragraphs

Championship Dawn Coe-Jones, $100,000, def. Beth Daniel, $70,000, 2-up. Third Place Dana Lotland, $55,000, def. Cindy RarIck. $45,000, 2 and 1. College hockey

Transactions HOCKEY National Hockey League NEW YORK ISLANDERS -Recalled Travis Green and Marty Mcinnis, centers, and Graeme Townshend, right wing, from Capital District of the American Hockey League. NEW YORK RANGERS-Sent Sergei Zubov, defenseman, and Corey Hirsch, goaltender, to Binghamton the American Hockey League. East Coast Hockey League RICHMOND RENEGADES -Waived John Lorenzo, goaltender. Announced that Sean LeBrun, forward, has been recalled by Capital District of the American Hockey League. League FLINT BULLDOGS- Waived Paul Constantin, forward.

FARGO - UND won the opening two matches, but lost nearly everything else in dropping a nonconference duel to North Dakota State here Sunday before 643 fans. The Bison scored a 28-9 win by coming out on top in seven straight matches after Adrian Simmons, at 118, and Lance Anderson, at 126, opened with wins for the Sioux. Simmons beat Brian Kapusta 8- 6 and Anderson edged Jeff Kapusta 7-5, but Lloyd Wurm, Jack Thompson, Joel Vettel, Jeff Ersland, Lance Koenig and Kirk Feit scored consecutive wins for the Bison. UND's only other win came at 190 pounds, where Jeff Oxton edged Mike McCormick 7-6. Sioux coach Brad Kerr was most happy with Simmons' win at 118. "That kid (Kapusta) took third in : the nationals last year, so it was a big win for Adrian," Kerr said. Kerr said he should have not wrestled Kris Lengelfelder, who lost 12-2 at 158 pounds to Jeff Ersland. "He had the flu, and I should not have let him persuade me to let him go today," Kerr said. "Overall, we used a bunch of new guys, and just couldn't match their horses with our young guys." * 118 - Adrian Simmons, UND, over Brian Kapusta 8-6; 126 Lance Anderson, UND, over Jeff Kapusta 7-5; 134 a Lloyd Wurm, NDSU, over Ben Berogan 9-6; 142 Jack Thompson, NDSU, over Derek Gilbertson 14-3; 150 - Joel Vettel. NDSU, over John Belyea 11- 7; 158 Jeff Ersland, NDSU, over Kris Lengenfelder 12-2; 167 Lance Koenig, NDSU, over Kyle Niemi 10-0; 177 - Kirk Feit, won by forfeit; 190 Jeff Oxton, UND, over Mike McCormick 7-6; Hwt. Tim Tekautz, NDSU, over John Steen 12-4. Pro golf
