# The Register-Guard — 1992-10-05 — p.16

**Publication:** The Register-Guard
**Date:** 1992-10-05
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Eugene, Oregon
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1264392612/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1264392612

## Paragraphs

Men HIGH SERIES LEAGUE - Chuck Hayes 646, Mike Funderburk 630, Mike Funderburk 621, Dave Kelley 608, Mike Funderburk 599, Dan Wallace 594, Rick Pierce 585, Bob Zimmerman 556, Lee Harazin 525. BANTAM - Curtis Morgan 225, Curtis Morgan 174. PREP - Nathan Goble 349, Nathan Goble 337. JUNIOR - Steven Eggebraaten 436, Steven Eggebraaten 373. MAJOR - Jason Phillips 600, Travis Martin 559. HIGH GAMES LEAGUE - Jeff Dorman 278, Steve Bour 255, Mark Darcy 246, Jeff Reynolds 235, Jerry Gorton 235, Darrell Eastburn 223, Ron Cogburn 222, Dan Wallace 215, George Teneyck 214, Harvey Ward 211. BANTAM - Curtis Morgan 76, Curtis Morgan 72. PREP - Nathan Goble 140, Nathan Goble 126. JUNIOR - Steven Eggebraaten 163, Steven Eggebraaten 136. MAJOR - Travis Martin 225, Jason Phillips 216.

should notify Fran Keating in writing at the Register-Guard, P.O. Box 10188, Eugene, OR 97440. NOTES/ANNOUNCEMENTS MARTIAL ARTS CHAMPIONSHIPS - The 1992 Martial Arts Championships will be held beginning at 10 a.m., Saturday, Oct. 10 at Willamette High School, 1801 Echo Hollow Rd., in Eugene. The entry fees for competitors are $25 by Oct. 6, $30 after. Spectators are welcome. For more information, call 344-2715. SPECIAL OLYMPICS VOLUNTEERS - The Willamalane Park & Recreation District is looking for volunteers to help staff the Special Olympics basketball programs for youth and adults. For more information, call Dorothy Van Winkle at 746-1669. SHORT-TRACK SPEED SKATING - The 2nd Annual Pacific Northwest Open short-track speed skating race sponsored by the Lane Speed Skating Club will be held at 4 p.m., Saturday, Oct. 24 at Lane County Ice. Spectators are invited and admission is free. For more information, call Bill McConochie at 686-9934. LAHA ADULT HOCKEY LEAGUE - Registration is available at Lane County Ice for the Lane Amateur Hockey Association's 4th Annual Adult Winter League. The 20-game season will be held on Wednesday nights beginning on Oct. 14. For more information, call LAHA president Steve Hertzberg at 741-2221. YOUTH HOCKEY - Registration is ongoing for the Lane Amateur Hockey Association's youth hockey program for boys and girls up to age 18. A Youth Functional Hockey Class is also available from 5:15- 6:30 p.m. on Wednesdays. The cost is $6 for each drop-in class. Full equipment is required, with some equipment available to rent. To rent equipment for $15, call Rex Meisenheimer at 747-3943. Registration is available at Lane County Ice. For more information about the program call Carole Horton at 687-9754. EUGENE PARKS VOLLEYBALL CLASSES - Registration is available for Eugene Parks beginning and intermediate instructional volleyball classes starting on Oct. 12. The beginning class will meet from 7-8:30 p.m., Mondays, at Jefferson Middle School. The intermediate class will meet from 8:30-10 p.m., Mondays, at Jefferson Middle School. The cost for each eight-week class is $20 for Eugene residents and $25 for non-Eugene residents. Registration is available at the Eugene Parks office at 22 W. 7th Ave. For more information, call 687- 5333. EUGENE PARKS TENNIS INSTRUCTION - Registration is available for Eugene Parks fall tennis classs and a series of individual clinics for beginning and intermediate players. The fee for the tennis classes is $24 for in-city residents, $29 for non-Eugene residents. Clinics are $5 each. For more information, call 687-5333. TENNIS FESTIVAL - A Wilson-Jeep Eagle Tennis Festival will be held at 6:30 p.m., Monday, Oct. 12 at the Eugene Swim & Tennis Club. Open free of charge to the general public, the event includes games, contests and instruction. Space limited to 100 adults and 20 children accompanied by adults. For more information, call 342-4414. SAILBOAT RACING - The Yaquina Bay Yacht Club in Newport will host its annual regatta on Oct. 10-11. There is a $30 fee for racing, with a skippers meeting each day at noon at the Embarcadero. For
