# Tampa Bay Times — 1992-10-24 — p.21

**Publication:** Tampa Bay Times
**Date:** 1992-10-24
**Page:** 21
**Location:** St. Petersburg, Florida
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323586191/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 323586191

## Paragraphs

Hockey was a way to avoid trouble for Matt Hervey; now he's trying to make problems for Lightning opponents.

VA Times photo - MIKE PEASE Defenseman Matt Hervey was called up from the Lightning's minor-league club in Atlanta on Monday. The sport makes a save

TAMPA - The trek from Palm Springs, Calif., to 29 Palms is 35 miles all uphill. Three summers ago, the story goes, one of the top 10 triathletes in Southern California challenged Matt Hervey to a bicycle race along that route, which begins at sea level and ends 3,500 feet higher. "Matt beat him with ease," recalled Art Block, who has been like a father to Hervey for the past five

years. "I would tell you the name of the triathlete, but I wouldn't want his name to show up in the papers. It would be too embarrassing for him. "But it just shows how incredibly competitive and well trained Matt is. Some professionals get lazy in the off-season, but not Matt." For Hervey, a defenseman trying to earn a regular job with the Tampa Bay Lightning, his entire life has seemed like an uphill climb. Hervey grew up in Whittier, Calif., a suburb of Los Angeles where boys were more apt to be in gangs than boy scout troops. When Hervey was 14 and 15 he often went to the "Saturday night fights in the park." "It was the Caucasians against the Mexicans," Hervey said. "It wasn't like the gangs today with the knives
