# Tampa Bay Times — 1992-11-17 — p.24

**Publication:** Tampa Bay Times
**Date:** 1992-11-17
**Page:** 24
**Location:** St. Petersburg, Florida
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/323594433/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22%20Jets
**Image ID:** 323594433

## Paragraphs

TAMPA For all their speedy skaters, the Winnipeg Jets probably would prefer to be more like the bump-and-grind Tampa Bay Lightning. "Look at them," said defenseman Phil Housley, who will lead the Jets against the Lightning tonight at Expo Hall. "They work hard every game. That's the same reason we had success last year. "Last year, we didn't have a lot of talent, so we knew we had to play tough defense and capitalize on our chances. If you don't have that work ethic, you're not going to win hockey games." And the Jets (5-12-1) are proof of that. Winnipeg, which has finished above .500 only four times since it joined the NHL in 1979, was expected to be a winner this year. The Jets reached the playoffs with a 33-32-15 record and nearly stunned Vancouver in the opening round of the Stanley Cup playoffs. They led the best-of-seven series 3-1, but scored only five goals in the final three games. In fact, offense was their shortfall all season.

brought in a bevy of talented including right wing Teemu Selanne the team's 1988 first-round draft pick, and center Alexei Zhamnov from the Commonwealth of Independent States. "We've got a whole new team," said rookie right wing Keith Tkachuk, a member of the 1992 U.S. Olympic team. "'We've got a lot of fast, very talented skaters. That's definitely our strength." The Jets showed their high-flying offense with a 4-1 win

Jets' target: hard work, defense

NEXT UP: JETS

Calgary). Jets lost The six-game expansion games

some of the players, but we can't blame that. "It's hockey and we all know hockey." Apparently, they've forgotten a basic tenant: Defense wins championships. The Jets have already allowed 75 goals. That is an average of a goal per game more than last year when they were the third-stingiest defensive team in the league, allowing a team-record-low 244 goals. "The team last year took a lot of pride in our defense and we need to get that back," Romaniuk said. "Maybe we were thinking we would score six or seven goals a game, but you can't afford that kind of thinking.' The players began holding team meetings almost as often as practices. At first, players accused one another of not playing hard enough. Then, after a loss to Calgary last month, general manager Mike Smith met with the team. "It was a very positive meeting, which took us by surprise," said Housley, who expected Smith to be livid. "He said he wasn't going to make changes and this was our team. . Instead of drifting apart, we've come together." Although the team is a modest 1-1-1 in its past three games, the players said they've rekindled last year's dedication to defense and the work ethic. "We've shown signs we're working hard," Romaniuk said. "We just need to get into a

JETS NUMBERS

Jets' Phil Housley: Lightning is hard-working.

• What: Winnipeg Jets (5-12-1) vs. Tampa Bay Lightning (9-9-2). When: 7:40 tonight. Where: Expo Hall • TV: None. Radio: WQYK-AM 1010 (Tampa/St. Petersburg); WWJB-1450 (Brooksville); WPAS-1400 (Zephyrhills) - Coaches: Winnipeg - John Paddock (38-47-16 overall, second year at Winnipeg). Tampa Bay Terry Crisp (153-72-35 record overall, including three years at • Trends: During a five-game stretch from Oct. 28 to Nov. 8, the five games in a row, ' including twice at home to fall to 4-10-0. Lightning, before losing to Calgary on Saturday, was riding a unbeaten streak (5-0-1), which matched a NHL record for an team. . Center Brian Bradley has a point in eight consecutive and 17 of the last 18 (11 goals and 10 assists). • What to expect: Winnipeg, with nine new faces on a roster that six rookies, may seem more like an expansion team than the But the youngsters are holding their own. Right wing Teemu leads : all rookies in scoring with 26 points. Other rookies who are well for the Jets are right wing Keith Tkachuk, and left wing Davydov, center Alexei Zhamnov and defenseman Sergei Bautin former Soviet Union. The team, thanks largely to the European fast and talented. Yet, the smaller rink at Expo Hall has helped opponents' edge in speed and turned the game into more of a grind style. "Especially there, we have to work hard and not mistakes," says Jets defenseman Phil Housley. - BRIAN

Pos. No. Player GP G A Pts +/• PM PP SH GW GT S Pct. 16 Chris Kontos 20 18 24 +5 8 38.3 19 Brian Bradley 20 11 10 +3 16 48 22.9 Doug Crossman 19 13 +3 16.7 Rob Zamuner 20 13 +4 24 43 9.3 John Tucker 16 +5 10 32 6.3 Adam Creighton 45 13.2 Rob Dimaio 23 7.9 Rob Ramage 13.5 18 Bob Beers 21.1 Danton Cole 15.0 Mikael Anderson 00 7.3 Marc Bureau 0.0 Joe Reekie 26 0.0 Marc Bergevin + 8 18.2 Ken Hodge 4.8 0 Roman Hamrlik 15.8 Stan Drulia 6.7 Peter Taglianetti +8 o 8.3 Basil McRae 0.0 26 Matt Hervey +2 000. 0.0 23 Mike Hartman 39 00 0.0 13 Martin Simard 11 0.0 No. Goaltender GPI Mins Avg W T EN SO GA SASPCTG G A PIM 35 Pat Jablonski 13 746 3.06 6 3 2 38 401 .905 0 0 Wendell Young 9 464 3.23 6 0 0 25 205 .878 0 Key (forwards): GP - Games played; G - Goals; A - Assists; Pts. - Points; + /- - plus/minus; PM - Penalty minutes; PP - - - - Power- goals; SH Short-handed goals; GW - Game-winning goals; GT - Game shots; S - Shots on goal; Pct. - Shooting percentage; (Goaltenders): Mins - Minutes played; Avg - Goals against average; W-L-T - win, loss, tie; EN Empty net goals; SO -Shutouts; GA - Goals allowed; SA - Shots saved; SPCTG - Save percentage; G - Goals scored; A -Assists; PM -Penalty minutes.
