# Times Colonist — 1992-03-07 — p.50

**Publication:** Times Colonist
**Date:** 1992-03-07
**Page:** 50
**Location:** Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/508239849/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 508239849

## Paragraphs

TOMLINSON - William (Bill) English, aged 79, on March 4, 1992 in Memorial Pavilion a native son of Victoria. Survived by his loving wife, Ruth; daughters, Anne (Harry) Webster and Jill Hellyer of Victoria, Judy Stokes Calgary and Nane Harris Auckland, New Zealand; eight grandchildren and two sisters, Nane Deacon and Maude James, both of Chemainus. Bill was raised Manitoba and served with the RCNVR during the Sec-| ond World War. He demobilized in Ontario where worked for several years a Customs Officer before turning to Victoria to work a master of several DND vessels. After retiring Parksville he enjoyed garden and growing orchids. He was a long-time member of the Masonic Order and Shrine. No service at his request. desired, donations may made to the Shriner's Hospital for Crippled Children. WAY - Lillian Marjorie peacefully, in Victoria, B.C. March 4, 1992. Predeceased by her husband, Harry E. Way in 1987. She will missed by her loving family; daughter, Marjorie and husband, Keith McKee of Delta; daughter, Doreen and husband, Bill Bobbitt of Penticton; granddaughter, Karen and husband, Tom Lensink; grandson, Trevor McKee wife, Diane; grandsons, Michael and Tony Bobbitt; great-grandson, Stefan Kee; and sister, Kathleen Shafer of Gwynedd, Pennsylvania. The Ways had sided in Victoria, B.C. since retirement from the Royal Bank in Russell, Manitoba 1970. Service will be held in CALL BROS. FAMILY CHAPEL, JOHNSON and VANCOUVER STREETS on Monday, March 9, at 1:00 p.m. with Rev. G. A. Cedric Jones officiating. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the thritis Society, 2680 Richmond Avenue, Victoria, B.C. 4S9. McCALL'S 385-4465
