# Fort Worth Star-Telegram — 1993-10-30 — p.58

**Publication:** Fort Worth Star-Telegram
**Date:** 1993-10-30
**Page:** 58
**Location:** Fort Worth, Texas
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/644095085/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 644095085

## Paragraphs

FIRE ON ICE! WORTH FORT WORTH HOCKEY TICKETS: 335-FIRE Tire

so think the guys got a little tired." Reggie Brezeault sent the game into overtime on an unassisted badangle shot from the left corner that may have deflected off the hand of Leschasin. In his first start, McGarry recorded 34 saves on 37 shots from the RiverKings. "I think that Pat played very well tonight," Harrison said. "I don't really think that any of the goals they scored were his fault. They were all from 10-feet and in and those kind of shots are usually going to go in." Briefly Coach Harrison named Mike McCormick team captain and Ron Aubrey and Mike Sanderson assistant captains prior to the game. • Defenseman Bob Emond was scratched with groin pull, leaving Dallas with just four defenders. I Forward Mike McCormick played sev-

BY STEVE HUBER Fort Worth Star-Telegram IRVING - The Dallas Stars signed goalie Andy Moog to a oneyear contract yesterday that makes the him the third-highest-paid goalie in the National Hockey League. Terms of the contract, which has an option for a second year, were not disclosed, but it is believed the 33-year-old Penticton, British Columbia, native Moog will make about $1.5 million for the 1994-95 season. His current salary is $1.2 million for the season. Moog would not comment on the exact figure, other than to say it puts

a (shoulder) have been cleared to play RW 11 Jarkko Varvio 0000 10 Ottawa. D RW 22 24 Ulf Mark Dahlen Tinordi in tonight's game against Defenseman Jim Johnson (knee) and 2 Derian Hatcher RW 21 Paul Broten Dave Barr (elbow) are out tonight. RW 27 Shane Churla James Black is out indefinitely with a G 34 Darcy Wakaluk head injury suffered in Wednesday's 33 18 Chris Tommy Tancill Sjodin victory against Hartford. Nick Kypre- 3 Craig Ludwig 29 os, who was ejected from the game 5 Brad Berry Johnson 10 6 Jim with a match penalty for deliberate G 35 Andy Moog injury on the play, is scheduled for a GOALKEEPING disciplinary hearing Monday before Save NHL officials. No. Player Mins GA Avg. W-L-T Pct. 34 Darcy Wakaluk 161 7 2.61 2-1-0 .924 About the Senators 35 Andy The Moog 510 28 3.29 4-2-2 .894 Note: +/- rating indicates the number of evenNot much has gone right for the strength goals scored by the team while each player is on their sophomore season the ice. A positive rating allowed indicates the team has scored more goals than it has while Senators in that player was on although they sport the two leading the ice. rookies in the league in centers Alex- Senators statistics ander Daigle and Alexei Yashin. For the first 20 minutes of their game SCORING against Dallas, the Senators played RW Pos 26 No. Bob Player Kudelski GP 9 G 4 A Pts 13 * PIM wonderful hockey. They bested the 91 Alexandre Daigle 8 13 Stars in virtually every facet of the C 19 Alexei Yashin 10 game but then the Senators fell apart. D LW 61 23 Brian Sylvain Glynn Turgeon N MN 9 They came back to tie the New York 17 David Archibald Dave Mcllwain Islanders on the road, coming back 22 Norm Maciver -from a 4-1 deficit in the third period. 34 Darren Rumble 00 4 Brad Shaw The team will sorely miss left winger RW 24 Robert Burakowsky DO Sylvain "Sly" Turgeon, who led the LW 18 Troy Mallette last season in goals with 25, LW 78 6 Pavol Demitra N team Gord Dineen due to a broken arm suffered Monday D 21 Dennis Vial when he got it caught between two 55 Dimitri Filimonov C Mark Lamb teammates. Defenseman Norm Ma- LW 10 Darcy Loewen civer, the team's leading scorer last LW 28 Bill Huard 38 Vladimir Ruzicka season. is questionable for tonight 11 Jarmo Kekalainen •because of a bruised heart that's G 30 Darrin Madeley LW 25 Chad Penney 00 troubled him since the preseason. He G 29 Francois Leroux on missed Thursday's game in Boston 1 Craig Billington 0 -00000 but is with the team in Dallas. Craig GOALKEEPING Billington, who knocked in the win- Save ning goal against Dallas, will likely No. 1 Craig Player Billington Mins 425 GA 30 Avg. 4.24 W-L-T 1-5-1 .869 Pct. start for the Senators. 30 Darrin Madeley 125 11 5.28 0-1-1 .849

him behind Montreal's Patrick Roy at about $3 million a year and Buffalo's Grant Fuhr at $1.6 million a season. "Right now I'm third, although I could be 13th after next year, but that doesn't matter," Moog said after practice yesterday. "I'm not going to get by Patrick or Grant, who are ahead of me. I'm very happy with what occurred with the Stars." Stars coach and general manager Bob Gainey was obviously pleased to have his No. 1 goalie in the fold. "It was important for the hockey team to come to an agreement with him," Gainey said. "He's an important element for the team. There has to be a mutual commitment for a good relationship. And I still believe there is some value to a long-term. track record. I believe his record de-

The Associated Press WICHITA, Kan. - Two Tulsa Oilers were suspended for four games each yesterday, a day after a 10-minute brawl that involved fans and forced an early end of a CHL game against the Wichita Thunder. Suspended were Tom Karalis and Mike McWilliams. Tulsa coach Garry Unger and Wichita general manager Bill Shuck were each fined an undisclosed amount by the Central Hockey League. The game set eight CHL records for penalties including most penalties in minutes by two teams (265), most penalties in minutes, one team (Tulsa, 191), most penalties in minutes for one player (Mike MacWilliam, 57), most game misconducts (12), most gross misconducts (4), most penalties by one team (32), most penalties by two teams (51)
