# The Times-Transcript — 1993-08-04 — p.11

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1993-08-04
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107790757/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1107790757

## Paragraphs

Laird full-time contract for the coming season. Laird hopes Bourgeois will agree to the deal in the next week or so. ...Former New Brunswick Hawk Bruce Boudreau has been named coach of the Fort Wayne Komets of the IHL. ...Veteran Rich Chernomaz, who scored 74 points with Salt Lake City of the IHL last year, has been named player/assistant coach of the St. John's Maple Leafs. ...Defenceman Todd Copeland, who finished last year with the Hawks, is trying out for the United States Olympic team.

By Dwayne Tingley Sports Editor Moncton Hawks coach Rob Laird said Tuesday he expects to have one of the American Hockey League's best two-way players in his lineup during the coming season. Centre Dave Tomlinson, who scored 84 points in 70 games with the St. John's Maple Leafs last year, was obtained by the NHL's Winnipeg Jets in a three-way trade Tuesday. "He's a player who can do it all," Laird said. "Tomlinson is on the power play, he kills penalties and he's a hard worker all of the time. "He's a great skater and he's got a good touch around the net. As far as complete players go, there aren't many better in our league." Tomlinson, 24, was traded by the Maple Leafs to the expansion Florida Panthers for a draft choice to be named later. Panthers then dealt Tomlinson to the Jets organization for disgruntled centre Jason Cirone, who left the team to play in Europe after just one year with the Hawks. Laird expects Tomlinson to be with the Hawks, but he'll also get a long look at training camp and be called up a few times during the season. "He's a depth player for the organization.' Laird said. "I've liked Dave Tomlinson for a couple of years and every time I see him, he petite little bit better. his competitiveness," Flyers ink PHILADELPHIA (AP) - The mer University of Moncton star agent who played in four games with The Flyers also announced year of centre Wes Walz's contract. Vilgrain, 30, recorded two assists and eight assists with the Devils' A 6-foot-1, 205-pound native of agent out of the University of June 18, 1987. Vilgrain's family he was six months old. Poulin with Capitals LANDOVER, Md. (CP) - Veteran NHL centre Dave Poulin, a free agent, has left the Boston Bruins and has signed with the Washington Capitals. Poulin, 34, who spent eight seasons with the Philadelphia Flyers and the last four with Boston,
