# Sarasota Herald-Tribune — 1993-12-09 — p.92

**Publication:** Sarasota Herald-Tribune
**Date:** 1993-12-09
**Page:** 92
**Location:** Sarasota, Florida
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1246913833/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 1246913833

## Paragraphs

In the spirit Paul Freeman staples Christmas lights Wednesday to a wooden reindeer he made for his South Venice lawn. Freeman said he recently wed and decided to put up decorations because "it seemed like a family thing to do." Youngsters go on bag baggage-free trip dition characterized by frequent After meeting St. Nick, the kids An airplane briefly carries a group of children respiratory infections. It also affects went to the airport fire station for the pancreas and can make life very food and music. At the station each away from their troubles. uncomfortable. child got to sit on Santa's lap and reBut Wednesday afternoon, she ceived presents. By Rodney Crouther ly made it off the ground, they en- was just another happy 10-year-old Flight 8 Andy Todd, 10, and STAFF WRITER having fun at Christmas gave joyed a plane ride, presents, a party a party. Tony Bobbitt, 7, their first ride in an Even though it wasn't really a trip and getting to meet Santa Claus. She said she asked Santa to bring airplane. Their father, William Bobto the North Pole, 10-year-old April Organized by the Suncoast Chap- her her own telephone for Christ- bit, was shot to death last February Harris of Englewood thought it was ter of Silverliners, the party was for mas so "I can call people without in Bradenton. Their mother, Penny a lot of fun. children with life ill- anybody bugging me and stuff." Bobbitt, of Bradenton, said the Hos"It's neat. You get to go on the ness, their siblings and children who took a "ground ride" pice has been providing counseling The children plane and meet Santa and every- are dealing with a recent death in on a Continental airliner, to her sons since their father's Airlines thing," she said. their family. taxiing around the airport and pre- murder. April, who has cystic fibrosis, was Most of the children at the airport tending to fly to the North Pole. Tony said the plane ride was his one of about 75 children who Wednesday are under the care of favorite part of the When they got off the plane, Santa made his grand entrance, temporar- program. boarded Flight No. 8 to the North Hospice of Southwest Florida or Pole on Wednesday at the Sarasota- Sarasota Memorial Hospital Chil- ily trading in his traditional reindeer "It was good, when we were on Bradenton International Airport. dren's Medical Services. and sleigh for the Sarasota County the plane and it was going around," Even though the plane never actual- April's illness is a congenital con- sheriff's helicopter. he said.
