# Telegraph-Journal — 1993-10-26 — p.11

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1993-10-26
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1111272207/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1111272207

## Paragraphs

vas * Dave Tomlinson

MONCTON - The Moncton Hawks are off to a shaky start. The same cannot be said about Dave Tomlinson. While the American Hockey League club struggles at 1- 4-1, the 24-year-old centre has been one of the few bright spots. Tomlinson leads the team with six goals and has added one assist in six games. "Ile's the only Moncton player that impressed me," said Paul Henry, director of player personnel for the Canadian Olympic Team, after watching Tomlinson notch a hat-trick in a 6-4 loss to the Adirondack Red Wings. "He's not the must skilled player on that team, but from what I've seen no one else gives as much effort as him. He's a real hustler." A Vancouver native, Tomlinson played four seasons at Boston University, compiling career figures of 179 points and 176 penalty minutes in 152 games. lle has two years pro experience, accumulating 141 points and 190 penalty minutes in 145 outings with the St. John's Maple Leafs. The Toronto Maple Leafs sold the five-foot-11 inch, 177 pounder to the NIIL expansion Florida Panthers this summer and he was then traded to Winnipeg. He played in only six games for Toronto.

Game time is 7:30 p.m. at Harbour Station. *I don't know too much about the rivalries to tell you the truth, but I guess I'll be finding out." Haas said. "I would expect it's going t to be pretty intense because the cities are so close." Not only are the cities close in proximity, so too are the teams in the AHL's Atlantic Division. Fredericton arrives in town with a 3-3-1 record and Saint John is 2-3-3, both for seven points, both five points behind the division-leading St. John's Maple Leafs, a club the Flames beat 3-2 in their last
