# The Salina Journal — 1993-07-21 — p.18

**Publication:** The Salina Journal
**Date:** 1993-07-21
**Page:** 18
**Location:** Salina, Kansas
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/984057/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 984057

## Paragraphs

Park; Chad Patton, Coffeyville; Dan Lindberg, Wichito. 9:30 a.m. - Rob Sites, Lenexa; Steve Groom, Raytown, Mo.: Arnold Cavazos, Newton. 9:31 a.m. - Tom Baldwin, Russell: Jim Sauntry, Overland Park; Jason Phillips, Garden City. 12:30 p.m. - Brad Wilhite. Wichita: Jason Thornbrugh, Wichita: Steve Newman, Wichita. 12:39 p.m. John Chandler, Hut. chinson: Jerol DeBoer, Hays; Tom Chal. fant, Hutchinson. 12:46 - Todd Tumminia, Kansas City, Mo.; Steve McConnell, Wichita; Blaine Knott, Wichita. '12:57 p.m. - Mitch Hoffman, Overland Park: Brant Benninga, Newton; Garth Glasgow, Wichita. 1:06 p.m. Phil Frost, Berryton; Ray Fleming, Wichita: Berwyn Sasek, Over. land Park. 1:24 p.m. - Dick Jensen, Salina: Slade Adams, Wichita; Tony Blake Jr., Wichita. 1:33 p.m. - Leonard Johnsen, Kansas City, Mo.: Brad Kipper, Fort Scott; Roger Brown, Arkansas City. 1:42 p.m. - Tom Sims, Wichita; Dustin Anderson, Kansas City; Bernie Caldwell, Lakin. 1:51 p.m. - Bradley Burnside, Wichita; John Hess, Leawood: Mike Caster, Wichita. 2 p.m. Cameron McCormick, El Dorado; David McLain, Kansas City: Will Siebert, Manhattan. 2:09 p.m. - Tim McKinnis, Lyons; Darren Copp, Wichita; Skip Pankewich, McPherson., Etc.

who witnessed the brawl said fighting broke out after one of the Marines made an uncomplimentary remark about Bol's height. Bol is the NBA's tallest player at 7-foot7. Two chairs and several glasses were broken. Boxing Lennox Lewis, the WBC heavyweight champion, has rejected a deal to fight Riddick Bowe for the undisputed title. "The deal was $21 million for Bowe and a 50-50 split if the final purse went above $32 million," Frank Maloney, who represents Lewis, said Tuesday. Lewis was guaranteed $11 million. We declined that, and the Bowe fight won't happen until the summer of 1994," Maloney said. Lewis was awarded the WBC title last year after Bowe was stripped for failing to make his first defense against the British fighter. Football The chances of luring the New England Patriots to Hartford, Conn., have improved, Gov. Lowell P. Weicker said Tuesday. Weicker said he will write to Patriots owner James Orthwein in support of Philadelphia businessman Francis Murray's proposal to buy the team and move it to Connecticut. "My thought a month or so ago was this stood less than a 50-50 chance," Weicker told reporters after meeting with Murray, a former minority owner of the Patriots. "I can only assure all of you that this stands a better than 50-50 chance today." Murray has made a $133 million offer to buy the Patriots and move them into a 65,000-seat stadium that would be built at one of five sites in or near Hartford using state bonds. Hockey Saying they've outgrown the makeshift but intimate arena that contributed to a successful inaugural season, the Tampa Bay Lightning is moving to the spacious Florida Suncoast Dome. Tuesday's announcement ended months of speculation about where the team will play next season, but it didn't answer the lingering questions of if, when or where a permanent home will be built. The Lightning played its first season in the 10,400-seat Expo Hall at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa. Nine months after leaving town, the North Stars will return to Minneapolis for an NHL game - this time as the Dallas Stars. They will play the Ottawa Senators on Dec. 9 in the first of six games to be played in Minneapolis as the league stages regular-season contests in neutral cities for the second straight year. Minnesota had an NHL franchise for 25 years before the North Stars moved to Dallas following last season. Phoenix, Cleveland, Sacramento, Calif., and Hamilton, Ontario, will each hold four -site games games, while Halifax, Nova Scotia, and Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, will each play host to two. Tennis Two weeks after winning her fifth Wimbledon singles title, Steffi Graf returned to competition Tuesday in what turned out to be a cameo appearance in Frankfurt, Germany. Bothered by a new injury, an aching shoulder, Graf was upset in the Federation Cup, and her defending champion German team was ousted in the first round by Australia. The United States advanced to the second round with a 3-0 sweep over Switzerland.

Par 35-35-70 Tuesday's Scores Matt Gogel, Lawrence ...........34-33-67 John Hess, Leawood..............36-33-69 Tyler Shelton, Fairway. ...........38-33-71 Brad Wilhite, Wichita............. Dick Jensen, Salina Tony Blake, Wichita ..............35-37-72 Ray Fleming, Wichita.............37-35-72 Len Johnsen, K.C., Mo. ..........35-38-73 Rusty Brown, Wichita.............36-37-73 Don Cox, Lake Quivira Curt Kitson, Hays Slade Adams, Wichita............38-36-74 Doug Atherly, Derby .............39-35-74 Chris Hutchens, Lawrence ......38-36-74 Lynn Riney, Lawrence ............38-36 74 Trent Brown, Arkansas City ....36-38-74 Berwyn Sasek, Overland Park .39-35-74 Randy Vautravers, Wichita .....39-35--74 Chris Swyers, Wichita ............36-38-74 Brad Kipper, Fort Scott Marty Sallaz, Overland Park ...35-40--75 Darren Copp, Wichita ............36-39-75 Vance Holtzman, Altamont.....37-38-75 Rob Gleissner, Overland Park .37-38-75 Wright Beck, Overland Park....36-39-75 Roger Brown, Arkansas City ...37-39-76 John Loomis, John Chandler, Hutchinson .....39-37-76 Tom Chalfant, Hutchinson ......37-39--76 Ken Iddeman, Wichita ...........40-76--76 Brad Majher, Arkansas City ....40-36-76 Brad Burnside, Wichita ..........40-37-77 Kevin Belknap, Viola .............38-39--77 Bo Dennis, Independence. .......36-41-77 Jess Arbuckle, Hutchinson......39-38-77 Dale Leisure, Pleasanton........40-37-77 Steve Groom, Raytown, Mo. ...39-38-77 Jason Phillips, Garden City .....42-35-77 Rye Shane, Larned ................37.40-77 Ronald Wick, Hutchinson Roe Messner, Wichita ............40-37-77 Jim Saporito, Pittsburg ..........37-41-78 Cam McCormick, El Dorado.....37-41-78 Will Siebert, Manhattan Chad Judd, Topeka ...............39-39-78 Mark Willey, Abilene ............39-39-78 Ron Wooden, Council Grove ...38-40--78 Mark Steiner, Wichita Sean Robertson, Salina ..........39.40-79 Mike Moddrell, Emporia.........38-41 -79 Bernie Caldwell, Lakin -79 Mike Caster, Wichita .............39.40-79 Tim McKinnis, Lyons -79 Bryce Southern, Hutchinson ....35-44-79 Phil Frost, Berryton ...............42-37-79 Jason Seeman, Lawrence .......38-41-79 Mark Yates, Wichita Jeff Cunningham, Wichita ......41-38-79 Michael Cutshall, Olathe ........37-42-79

American League OAKLAND ATHLETICS-Sent Shawn Hillegas, pitcher, to Tacoma of the Pa• cific Coast League. Recalled Kevin Campbell, pitcher, from Tacoma. TORONTO BLUE JAYS- Signed Matthew Farner, outfielder. National League ATLANTA BRAVES -Optioned Brian Hunter, first baseman, to Richmond of the International League. CINCINNATI REDS--Waived Cecil Espy and Gerald Young, outfielders. BASKETBALL National Basketball Association NEW JERSEY -Waived Jerry Walker and Jayson Williams, forwards, and Steve Worthy and Charles Thomas, guords. FOOTBALL National Football League CINCINNATI BENGALS- Signed Tony McGee, tight DENVER BRONCOS- -Signed Chuck Esty, offensive lineman. DETROIT LIONS--Announced the retirements of Ken Dallafior and Eric Sanders, offensive linemen. INDIANAPOLIS COLTS -Signed Don Majkowski, quarterback, to a one year contract. Signed Roosevelt Potts, run• ning back, and Derwin Gray, defensive back. LOS ANGELES RAIDERS--Signed Olanda Truitt, wide receiver. MIAMI DOLPHINS- Waived Bo Campbell, wide receiver, and David Walker, fullback. MINNESOTA VIKINGS--Signed Qadry Ismail, wide receiver, to a three contract. Placed Gary Zimmerman, offensive tackle, on the did-not-report list. PHILADELPHIA EAGLES--Agreed to terms with William Frizzell, defensive back. PHOENIX CARDINALS- 10 terms with Willie Williams, offensive lineman, and Steve Hyche, linebacker. SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS Announced the retirement of Harry Sydney, fullback. Waived Anthony Moss, line• backer. HOCKEY National Hockey League FLORIDA PANTHERS -Signed Len Barrie, center, and Jeff Serowik, defenseman. NEW YORK RANGERS--Announced that Jan Erixon, forward, will not return to the club next season. TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING--Announced it will play next season's home games at the Florida Suncoast Dome in St. Petersburg, Fla. American Hockey League AHL- Dave Andrews president, effective July 1994. COLLEGE BOSTON COLLEGE -Named Robin Garrett women's assistant basketball coach. Announced the resignation of Wes Emmert, strength and conditioning coach. BOWDOIN--Named Michael J. Fair offensive line coach, and John Campanale receivers coach. -Named Tim Match assistant athletic director for public relations. DARTMOUTH- -Named Christina Schutz Brownell men's and women's squash coach. -Named Scott Pennewill women's volleyball coach. DUQUESNE-Named Mike Wilson baseball coach. LOYOLA, NO -Named Darren Laiche men's assistant basketball coach. Named Michelle Drum assistant media relations director. Named Rick Petri defensive line coach. NORTHRIDGE STATE--Named Mike Batesole assistant baseball coach. SOUTHERN CAL--Named Pat Connelly men's and women's cross country coach; Matt Anger men's assistant tennis coach; Nancy Hillman women's assistant volleyball coach; and Margaret Jarc women's assistant soccer coach. SOUTHERN METHODISTHank Haney men's coach. SPRING HILL -Named Joe Niland men's basketball coach. TENNESSEE- -Named Reggie McKenzie and Dick O'Brien graduate assistant football coaches. VILLANOVA-Named Gene Defilippo athletic director. YALE--Named John Glynne interim assistant hockey coach.
