# Anchorage Daily News — 1993-12-05 — p.39

**Publication:** Anchorage Daily News
**Date:** 1993-12-05
**Page:** 39
**Location:** Anchorage, Alaska
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1059446168/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 1059446168

## Paragraphs

"It was a very disciplined defense on their part." Ikeda tied the game 5-5 with his second straight goal, at 18:11 of the second period. Ikeda slid Dave Brownlee's pass by Blackadar, who had replaced starter Chad Meyhoff. "Ray did a good job for coming in cold," said Aces coach Steve Gasparini. "Chad told me in the hallway after the period that he didn't have it in the first." Wright made it 5-4 for the Aces at 6:24 into the second. scoring on Brian Kraft's rebound for the Aces' first power-play goal. Kraft, who had a goal and two assists, and UBC's Jim Allison were ejected for fighting at 15:20 of the second period. Keith Street, appropriately on Don't Drop the Puck Night, tied the game 3-3 with his team-high 15th goal at 58 seconds into the second period on a short-hand play. Street grabbed a UBC clearing shot out of the air, put it down and skated across the slot to beat Woods with a backhand. The Aces play host to the Los Angeles Rockets at 7 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday, and head to Warroad, Minn., to play the Warroad Lakers Friday and Saturday. UBC 3 2 1-6 Aces 2 3 3-8 First Period 1, Aces, Kraft (Trboyevich, Semeniuk), 3:57: 2, Aces. S. Czenczek (M. Trotzuk, Hannigan), 7:48, pp: 3. Aces, Trboyevich (Wright), 10:51, 4. UBC, John Allison (Ikeda, Brownie), 13:22; 5, UBC, Cooper (Ikeda), 15:58. sh. Penalties - UBC bench (too many men on ice; served by Cooper), 4:36; Meyhoff, Aces (roughing: served by Hickel), 7:25; Ferns, UBC (hooking), 13:57; Kraft, Aces (hooking), 15:58. Second Period 6, Aces. Street (McEnaney), 1:00, sh; 7, UBC, Ikeda (Brownie, S. Czenczek), 1:10: 8. Aces. Wright (Kraft, Molle), 6:24. 9, Aces, McEnaney (Street), 16:32; 10, UBC, Ikeda (Brownie, John Allison), 18:11, Penalties - Kraft. Aces (roughing), :06; H. Czenczek, UBC (interference). 2:20: Bay, UBC (roughing), 5:20; Bay, UBC (elbowing), 8:44: Kraft. Aces (five-minute major, fighting: game misconduct), 15:20; Jim Allison, UBC (five-minute major, fighting; misconduct), 15:20; Cooper, UBC (roughing), 15:20. Third Period - 11, Aces, McLeod (McEnaney, Street), :44; 12, Aces, Tracy Link (Molle, Blackadar), 7:30: 13, UBC, Ferns (Cooper, H. Czenczek), 12:21, sh; 14, Aces. Tobin (Tracy Link, Tony Link), 14:03. Penalties - Blackadar, Aces (slashing: served by Westin), 10:06: S. Czenczek (interference), 11:00; Street, Aces (holding), 15:47: UBC bench (too many men on ice; served by John Allison). 19:08. Shots on goal UBC 8-7-7 - 22: Aces 10-16-7 33. Power-play opportunities - UBC 1 for Aces for 6. Goalies UBC, Woods, 33 shots-25 saves; Aces, Meyhoff (8-5): Blackadar (14-11), A - 3,873. Referee - Clay Wallace. Linesmen Tony Milles, Rusty Belanger.
