# The Atlanta Journal — 1993-02-03 — p.34

**Publication:** The Atlanta Journal
**Date:** 1993-02-03
**Page:** 34
**Location:** Atlanta, Georgia
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/977593390/?match=1&terms=%22Matt%20Hervey%22
**Image ID:** 977593390

## Paragraphs

By Raad Cawthon STAFF WRITER Stan Drulia has replaced Keith Osborne as one of the Atlanta Knights forwards in tonight's. International Hockey League All-Star Game. Osborne, who leads the league in goals with 34, was called up to the Tampa Bay Lightning Tuesday along with defenseman Chris LiPuma and forward Tim Bergland. For Osborne and Bergland it is the first callup of the season. LiPuma played one game with Tampa Bay two weeks ago. Drulia will join the four Atlanta players already in Phoenix for the game. Goalie David Littman, defensemen Shawn Rivers and Matt Hervey and forward Jock Callander already had been picked to represent the Knights. Drulia started the season in Tampa Bay but was sent to Atlanta in December. Since then he has played in 16 Atlanta games, scoring 24 points on 13 goals and 11 assists while accumulating 16 penalty minutes. His on-ice score is plus-10. The game, in Phoenix's Veteran's Memorial Coliseum, will be televised on tape-delay in Atlanta on SportSouth at 11 p.m. IHL owners also voted to expand Tuesday as a team from Las Vegas was added to the 12-member league. The Las Vegas team, which does not yet have a nickname, will begin play next season. The owners, meeting in con-

IHL All-Star Game • Where: Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Phoenix. When: Tonight at 9. TV: SportSouth (taped) at 11 p.m. KNIGHTS' STATISTICS Current numbers for the four Atlanta all-stars: Jock Callander: 42 games, 20 goals, 33 assists. • Shawn Rivers: 49 games, 8 goals, 26 assists. Matt Hervey: 30 games, 10 goals, 12 assists. • Stan Drulia: 16 games, 13 goals, 11 assists. David Littman: 15-8-1, 3.34 goals-against average, .883 save percentage per game.
