# The Times-Transcript — 1993-04-14 — p.12

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1993-04-14
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107681099/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1107681099

## Paragraphs

about our penalty Most lenge them in a long playoff se- killing, but our power I'm play has HALIFAX (Special) ries. been inconsistent so hoping Moncton Hawks were relaxed at "Our division was the toughest that will start clicking a little betpractice Tuesday, but fire burned in the league, by far. Personally, I ter," Laird said. in the eyes of captain Rob Murray think it would be wrong to call Murray said the Hawks score as he spit and chewed out the anyone an underdog in our divi- fewer even-strength goals than team's tag of underdog. sion." most teams in the league so the "I kind of enjoy being called the Coach Rob Laird, the only Hawk power play must contribute more ything underdog we because accomplish it will means mean ever- a who could match Murray's inten- in the playoffs. lot more," the 26-year-old centre 429 thrive on the underdog tag. well and we've improved as the # sity Tuesday, also seemed to "Defensively, we've done pretty said. "It will very special when "It certainly doesn't bother me season has gone on," Laird said. we win.' because I know we've got a great "St. John's has a lot of offensive Winning won't come easy. chance at winning this series,' weapons, but I'm certain we can Hawks are expected by many to 1 Laird said. handle them all." be easy pickings for the St. John's "St. John's has more offence - Laird still has a decision to Maple Leafs in the opening round no doubt about it - that's obvious. make on his 10th forward. The of the American Hockey League But it comes down to which team first three lines of Scott at wants to win and which team is John LeBlanc and Andy Brickley; Levins, playoffs, which begin tonight the Halifax Metro At- hottest for the next two or three Murray, Russ Romaniuk and Alan Centre. lantic Game 2 Division in the best semifinal series is weeks,' the coach said. Kerr; and Kris Draper, Bob Joyce Laird said steady goaltending, and Ken Gernander are estabset for Halifax on Saturday after- productive special teams and lished. noon while next and Fri- smart defensive play will be the Late in the season, Laird used Games 3 and 4 are in Moncton keys to winning. veteran Al Stewart as the 10th forWednesday day. heart File Photo File Photo Laird wouldn't say whether ward, but Craig Martin or Pavel and the Murray, faces who of several wears his opponents Murray Laird sophomore Sean Gauthier or rook- Kostichikan are possibilities. Anon his sleeve, said the Hawks be- ie Mark Richards would get the drei Raisky is a longshot. the underdog underdogs," he said. "We had a pretty good year ight. start in Neither goal has for been the Hawks spectacular ton- and "It's I going to be a long series grudgingly accept "The only reason we finished against St. John's (Hawks were 4- hope everyone is ready," tag. finished first in the regu- fourth is

ST. JOHN'S MAPLE hawks LEAFS Hawks, Leafs at a glance 03 The series - Moncton Hawks and St. John's Maple Leafs best-of-seven Atlantic Division semifinal in the Ameri• can Hockey League. Maple. Leafs will play home games in Halifax because of municipal workers' strike in St. John's. O Game 1. - Tonight at 7 o'clock at Halifax Metro Centre. . Other games • Game 2: Saturday (2 p.m.) in Halifax, Game 3: Wednesday, April 21 (7:30 p.m.) in Moncton, Game 4: Friday, April 23 (7:30 p.m.) in Moncton, Game 5: Monday, April 26 (7 p.m.) in Halifax, Game 6: Wednesday, April 28 (7:30 p.m.) in Moncton and Game 7: Friday, April 30 (7 p.m.) in Halifax. O Season series - Maple Leafs held a slight advantage with a 5-4-3 record against the Hawks. Leafs outscored the Hawks 53-51. D. Top guns - Yanic Perreault scored 49 goals for the Maple Leafs in 79 games. Hawks winger John LeBlanc. scored 48 goals in 77 games. O Goaltenders -Damian Rhodes of the Leafs led the league in minutes played this season and he's expected to never leave the crease this season. Hawks could share their goaltending between rookie Mark Richards and sophomore® Sean Gauthier. D Power plays - Moncton's was a little better during the regular season. Hawks were fifth best in the AHL with a suc: cess rate of 20.76 per cent and Leafs were sixth at 20.09 per cent. Penalty killing - Hawks were third best in the league with a 82.44 per cent success rate. Leafs ranked 10th at 80.63 per cent. However, Dave Tomlinson led the league with six shorthanded goals. 0 The difference - Offence. Hawks allowed two fewer goals than the Leafs during the 80- game season, but St. John's racked up 59 more goals. O NHL connection = Centre Mike Eastwood and defenceman Drake Berehowsky are on recall with the NHL's Toronto Maple Leafs and slick centre Stu Barnes is with the Winnipeg Jets. Eastwood may return to the Baby Leafs at any time, but Berehowsky won't be back until Toronto is ousted from the Stanley Cup playoffs. Barnes will stay in Winnipeg until the Jets are grounded.

long series grudgingly accept "The only reason we finished against St. John's (Hawks were 4- hope everyone is ready," tag. finished first in the regu- fourth is because we were so bad 5-3 against the Leafs). nor dreadful during the final Laird said. "We're going to need lar "They season and we finished fourth against Fredericton all year," he "Look at our games against weeks of the regular season, when help from everyone if we're going it's only natural that we're the continued. them - we battled all the way and the coach split the duties. one." to win this SO Halifax is home - for now Road trip never ends for Leafs N By Steve MacLeod spite playing 16 home dates on the road. Their 41-26- 13 record was second only to Binghamton in the HALIFAX (CP) - Rudy Poeschek Jr. has eyes league. only for his Mommy as he squirms from the grasp of Crawford isn't surprised. his father, a defenceman with The Hockey Team "We've got a very good club," he said. From Hell. "Part of being a professional athlete is doing your "He's still a little shy with Daddy," explains Cor- job no matter what the circumstances. The guys who inne Poeschek as the tiny child settles contentedly in do that well are the guys who will eventually make her lap. the NHL." Little wonder. Kent Manderville is one of the guys the parent The two-year-old boy has seen little of his father Toronto Maple Leafs are hoping will make the jump. since the St. John's Maple Leafs embarked Jan. 2 on The towering 22-year-old from Edmonton played a nightmarish road trip that just won't end. for the Canadian Olympic team last year and said A strike by city workers in the Newfoundland capi- that team's gruelling schedule helped prepare him tal has forced the American Hockey League team to for this. play almost all its games since then on the road. "It's a lot better, I tell you, being on the road for If it's Tuesday, this must be Halifax. this long in North America than in Sweden or Fin"It's been tough," said Rudy Sr., a 26-year-old, land or Germany," he said after practice. "North who played with the Hawks for more than two sea- America is North America. There's still going to be a sons. McDonald's." "On the days off, you sit there and think about The strike by 300 city workers in St. John's began what you could be doing with: your son or wife. The Jan. 14 as the Leafs were ending a lengthy road trip. days are really long. It seems like it's been such a The team hasn't played there since February when long year.' it was terrorized at Memorial Stadium. Strikers It's not so bad, now that the Baby Leafs have de- rocked the team bus, smashed its windows and precided to play all their playoff home dates in Halifax, vented players from entering the arena. beginning tonight against the Hawks. 000 Poeschek's wife and son have moved into his Hali- PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - Scott Morrow's sec- CP Photo fax ends. hotel room and will stay there until the season ond-period goal lifted the Springfield Bruins in Indians to American a 5-4 Rudy Poeschek Jr. celebrates his second birthday TuesTuesday, watched from the stands as the victory over the Providence night. day with his parents, Rudy Sr. and Corinne, in the St. On they Hockey League playoff action Tuesday Leafs practised at Metro Centre, the home of the "It's an emotional win for us," said Springfield John's Maple Leafs locker room in Halifax. It's one of Halifax Citadels but who failed to make the playoffs. coach Jay Leach after the Indians grabbed a 2-0 lead precious few family moments since the team began Corinne said they got rid of their apartment in St. in their best-of-seven series. endless road trip on Jan. 2. Poeschek Jr. was born in John's when it became obvious her husband wouldn't "We were hoping just to get one. I think we're very Moncton when dad was a member of the Hawks. be coming home. lucky to have two.' "We just thought, 'Well, we'll bunk with another Indians goaltender goaltending by George Maneteammate,' she said. "Everybody's just grouping luk made a total of 71 saves in the victories. As she spoke, a store-bought birthday cake peaked made a move to the slot and beat Mike Bales with a together." Morrow scored late in the second period as he Oilers, Baby Habs open tonight from a grocery bag at her feet. It was for Rudy Jr., high-risk shot. training SYDNEY camp (CP) this - season Rookie with Kirk just one Maltby goal in came mind to - the to Cape make the Breton team. Oilers He who turned two on Tuesday. Minutes later, the cake The Indians opened a 3-0 lead in the first period on was given to the boy in the dressing room as players goals by Dean Chalifoux, Leonid Toropchenko and In wound his up first earning an the everyday spot. forward has become
