# The Times-Transcript — 1993-10-25 — p.18

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1993-10-25
**Page:** 18
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107632138/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1107632138

## Paragraphs

Rangers' No. 1 goaltender following the trade of John Vanbiesbrouck in the offseason. But he failed to take charge at the start of this season and Glenn Healy came to the fore, winning four of five games. Capitals 3 Oilers 2 Miller beat goaltender Bill Ranford with a bullet of a shot 1:39 into overtime Edmonton. Kevin Hatcher and Sylvain Cote scored Washington's other goals, while Zdeno Ciger scored both Edmonton goals. Canucks 3 Sharks 2 Courtnall tapped in a goalmouth pass from Trevor Linden 28 seconds into overtime in Vancouver. Linden and Jose Charbonneau scored Vancouver's other goals. The Canucks had a 37-19 shots advantage and San Jose goalie Arturs Irbe had a great game. Ray Whitney and Bob Errey scored for the Sharks, 0-8-1. SATURDAY Leafs 2 Lightning 0 Toronto Maple Leafs are only doing what they're supposed to be doing, head coach Pat Burns insists. "This is professional sports," says Burns. "You're supposed to win.' The Leafs defeated the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-0 Saturday night to set an NHL record for best start to a season, nine consecutive wins, wiping out the standard •of eight by the 1934-35 Leafs and the 1975-76 Buffalo Sabres. Mark Osborne got credit for both goals and Felix Potvin stopped all 24 shots, improving his

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (AP) Now that the Blue Jays have another World Series title, Toronto fans can turn their attention to the Maple Leafs. For those who don't peruse NHL standings until after the baseball season, the Maple Leafs are undefeated. Toronto beat the Lightning 2-0 Saturday night at the Thunder Dome to make it an NHL-record nine straight wins at the start of the season. The previous mark was held by the 1934-35 Maple Leafs and later tied by the 1975-76 Buffalo Sabres. The Maple Leafs also tied a 1925 club record for consecutive wins at any point of the season. The Pittsburgh Penguins won an NHL-record 17 straight late last season. "It feels good to do something that hasn't been done in the whole history of hockey," said goaltender Felix Potvin, who has eight of the wins. The Maple Leafs try to make it 10 straight at Chicago Stadium on Thursday night and it won't be easy. Toronto has lost 14 consecutive games there since Dec. 22, 1989, five by shutouts. The Maple Leafs beat the Blackhawks 2-1 at Toronto earlier this season. "Sooner or later every team goes into slumps," coach Pat Burns said. "We'll have our slump, the coach won't be any good, players won't be : any good and Felix won't be to stop a table."

Dave Tomlinson, left, and Frank Kovacs give Road. Hawks, who won their first AHL game Canadiens, return to action Wednesday night Oilers. (Hub Photo) Latvian leads SYDNEY (CP) - Alexandr Kerch scored three goals to lead the Cape Breton Oilers to a 8-1 win over P.E.I. Senators in American Hockey League action Sunday. Kerch, playing only his second game since being released Tuesday by his team in the Baltic republic of Latvia, scored twice in the second period and once in the third. Scott Allison added a pair of goals for Cape Breton while Peter White, Jozef Cierny and Craig Fisher added singles. Norm Batherson scored the lone P.E.I. goal when he deflected Radek Hamr's point shot past Oilers' goalie Wayne Cowley at 16:03 of the second period. Kerch has five goals and one assist since joining the Oilers. "He's obviously highly-skilled," said Oilers coach. George Burnett. "It's great to see a player like

Potvin is the main reason the Maple Leafs are off to such a marvelous start. As a rookie last season, he had a 2.50 goals-against average and a 25-15-7 record. "Felix has been a big part of this start. He's really played well throughout and came up big for us again," Burns said. "We didn't talk much about the record, but it was in the back of our heads." "We were hoping for a great start, but nobody predicted this would happen," said Toronto's Wendel Clark. The Leafs entered the game with the league's third-best penalty-killing unit. Tampa Bay was 0-for5 on power plays and failed to take advantage of a 5- on-3 situation late in the game. Potvin stopped : 24 shots. Dave Andreychuk, who has a team-high nine goals, Doug Gilmour and Clark lead the Maple Leafs' scoring attack. Gilmour was outstanding last season with 32 goals an 97 assists for 127 points. He also had 35 points in 21 playoff games and is among the leaders in scoring again this season. Gilmour came to the Maple Leafs in a 10-player deal with Calgary on Jan. 2, 1992. Burns urged his players to keep the fast start in perspective. "This is professional sports. You're supposed to win," Burns said. "Everyone talks about the pressure of continuing to win, but that pressure is there for everyone."

AHL Oilers to win team, were solid." In Fredericton Saturday, the Canadiens watched their winless streak go to four games when they . lost 4-2 to the St. John's Maple Leafs. Their problem is that they haven't been able to score enough. They have only seven goals in the four games since their last win, on Thanksgiving Day. St. John's defenceman Drake Berehowsky scored a pair of power-play goals. Veteran Rich Chernomaz and Guy Larose, with an empty-netter with four seconds left, had one goal each. The Leafs lead the Atlantic Division with a 6-1-1 record. Turner Stevenson and Donald Brashear scored for Fredericton, who dropped to 3-3-1 after opening the season with three straight wins. Winning goalie Marcel Cousineau turned back 29 of 31. Losing rookie Martin Brochu stopped 39 of 43 in
