# The Independent-Record — 1993-08-04 — p.10

**Publication:** The Independent-Record
**Date:** 1993-08-04
**Page:** 10
**Location:** Helena, Montana
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/526649577/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 526649577

## Paragraphs

ETC. Tuesday's Sports Transactions By The Associated Press BASEBALL American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES- -Recalled Mark Parent, catcher, from Rochester of the International League. Optioned Damon Buford, outfielder, to Rochester. CALIFORNIA ANGELS- -Placed Russ Springer, pitcher, on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to Aug. 2. Recalled John Farrell, pitcher, from Vancouver of the Pacific Coast League. MILWAUKEE BREWERS Agreed to terms with Jeff D'Amico, pitcher. TORONTO BLUE JAYS Placed Turner Ward, outfielder, on the 15-day disabled list. National League PITTSBURGH PIRATES- Placed Paul Wägner, pitcher, on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled Denny Neagle, pitcher, from Buffalo of the American Association. ST. LOUIS CARDINALS- Extended the contracts of Dal Maxvill, general manager, and Joe Torre, manager, through the 1995 season. SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS- Claimed Scott Sanderson, pitcher, off waivers from the California Angels. Recalled Jeff Reed, catcher, of from an Injury rehabilitation assignment at San Jose the California League. Sent Jim McNamara, catcher, outright to Phoenix of the Pacific Coast League. BASKETBALL National Basketball Association PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS Signed Chris Dudley, center, to a seven year contract. SEATTLE SUPERSONICS -Signed Vincent Askew, forward, to a one-year contract. FOOTBALL National Football League CHICAGO BEARS- -Signed Keith Van Horne, tackle, to a one-year contract: CLEVELAND BROWNS -Signed Jason Staurovsky, ,placekicker. Waived Clarence Kay, tight end; Shawn Collins, wide receiver; and Robbie Keen, placekicker. DENVER BRONCOS Claimed Jon Melander, offensive lineman, off waivers from the Cincinnati Bengals. GREEN BAY PACKERS Waived Troy Ridgley, defensive lineman. MIAMI DOLPHINS Signed Jeff Uhlenhake, center. Waived Reggie Brown, wide receiver. NEW ORLEANS SAINTS -Waived Tootle Robbins, offensive tackle. PHILADELPHIA EAGLES -Signed Heath Sherman, running back, and Andy Harmon, defensive tackle, to three-year contracts. Waived Mike Titley, tight end; Chris Murphy, wide receiver, and Donnie Gardner, defensive lineman. HOCKEY National Hockey League FLORIDA PANTHERS Acquired Dave Tomlinson, center, from the Toronto Maple Leafs for future considerations and traded Tomlinson to the Winnipeg Jets for Jason Cirone, center. NEW JERSEY DEVILS- Named Mike Emrick play play announcer on its SportsChannel broadcasts. PHILADELPHIA FLYERS -Signed Claude VIIgrain, left wing. Bought out the contract of Wes Walz, center WASHINGTON CAPITALS- Dave Poulin, center, to a two-year contract. Helena Trail Riders O-Mok-See Results of the Helena Trail Riders Invitational O- Mok-See held Sunday in the west arena at the Lewis and Clark County Fairgrounds.
