# The Toronto Star — 1993-01-12 — p.11

**Publication:** The Toronto Star
**Date:** 1993-01-12
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/949124689/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 949124689

## Paragraphs

Maple Leafs schedule

By Bob McKenzie TORONTO STAR Don't be surprised if trade talks between the Maple Leafs and Edmonton Oilers are revived this week. NHL general managers are meeting in La Quinta, Calif., and the consensus is the struggling Oilers will shake things up. Ed- HOCKEY monton GM Glen Sather had been talking to Toronto, Chicago, Detroit and New Jersey, among others, in recent weeks. Forwards Joe Murphy, Bernie Nicholls and Esa Tikkanen are the players most likely to be moved, although a number of teams covet Oiler defenceman Dave Manson. "Sather has to do something soon or his team is going to fall out of the playoff race," said one GM. The Leafs have some interest in Tikkanen and Murphy while the Oilers continue to be interested in Leaf captain Wendel Clark and rookie winger Rob Pearson. The New York Islanders have also shown interest in Clark, but no serious discussions have taken place. The New Jersey Devils are interested in moving Claude Lemieux and, although Leaf coach Pat Burns had run-ins with Lemieux in Montreal, Toronto is intrigued at the possibility of acquiring the talented but temperamental winger.

Wednesday St. Louls Blues at Toronto Maple Leafs, 7:40 p.m. Saturday - Chicago Blackhawks at Toronto Matte Leafs, 8:10 p.m. Sunday 8:40 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Chicago Blackhawks. p.m. Tuesday, January 19 - Toronto Maple Leafs of St. Louis Blues, 8:40 p.m. Thursday, January 21 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Tampa Bay Lightning, 7:40 p.m. Saturday, January 23 - Montreal Canadiens at Toronto Maple Leafs. 8:10 p.m. Tuesday, January 26 - Minnesota North Stars qt Toronto Maple Leafs, 7:40 p.m. Saturday, January 30 - NY Rangers at Toronto Maple Leafs, 8:10 p.m. Louis Monday, February 1 - Toronto Maple Leafs at st. Blues, 8:40 p.m. Wednesday, February 3 - NY Islanders at Toronto Maple Leafs, 7:40 p.m. Tuesday, February 9 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Tampa Bay Lightning, 7:40 p.m. Thursday, February 11 - Vancouver Canucks at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m.

A Pts Unofficial Doug Glimour ................. 17 48 65 Nikolal Borschevsky ....... 19 20 39 John Cullen .................... 14 19 33 Glenn Anderson ............. 12 19 31 MIke Krushelnyski 12 13 Dave Ellett 20 Peter Zezel ...................... 6 17 088 Wendel Clark 13 Dmitri Mironov Rob Pearson 19 Todd Gill 11 16 Mike Foligno .................. 13 BIll Berg 13 Mark Osbome 12 Dave McLain Sytvaln Lefebvre ............. Jamie Macoun Bob Rouse Dave Tomlinson .............. Bob McGill Ken Baumgartner *********** Grant Fuhr Rick Warnsley
