# The Toronto Star — 1993-01-08 — p.11

**Publication:** The Toronto Star
**Date:** 1993-01-08
**Page:** 11
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/949123409/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 949123409

## Paragraphs

STAR One of these days John Cullen should send a thank-you note to Edmonton Oilers president Glen Sather. The Maple Leaf centre appears to be the main beneficiary of Sather's decision not to complete a multi-player deal with Toronto just before Chistmas. The Leafs were going to send Wendel Clark and Rob Pearson west for Esa Tikkanen and holdout Joe Murphy but, when Sather balked and asked for a bundle of cash as well, the deal fell through. That's where Cullen comes in. With Clark and Pearson still in town, Toronto coach Pat Burns put the two struggling forwards on a line with Cullen, who was aiso not scoring at his expected pace. Since then, Clark, Cullen and Pearson have been one of the Leafs' most productive troikas. Just look at the numbers. Cullen goes into tonight's game against the Sharks riding a seven-game scoring streak. He has three goals and five assists over that span. Pearson has a goal in each of the last three games and is scoring at a point-a-game pace over the last six games. Although Clark has not picked up a point in his last four outings, he scored three goals in the four games previous to that and has become

•Who's hot: San Jose's line of C RW Kelly Kisio, Johan Garpenlov and rookie Rob Gaudreau has been on fire the last month. Gaudreau had 19 points, including 14 goals, in 14 games during December and was named the NHL's rookie of the month. Garpenlov has a point a game for the last 30 games and Kisio ¿has 29 points in his last 22 games. For the Leafs, C John Cullen is riding a seven-game scoring streak. He has three goals and five 'assists over that period. RW Rob Pearson has a goal in each of the Leafs' last three games. Who's not: RW Pat Falloon, while not exactly locked in a sophomore jinx, hasn't exploded *offensively as expected this season. 27 points, including 13 goals, in 39 games and is a minus-23, the worst on the club. For Toronto, LW. Bill Berg has yet to score in 14 games. C Mike Krushelnyski has gone seven games without a goal. Who's hurting: The Sharks have a long list of injuries including D Sandis Ozolnich, out for the season with a knee injury, D Pat Macleod (separated shoulder), LW Mark Pederson (separated shoulder), G Arturs Irbe (sprained knee), D Doug Wilson (broken foot) and LW David Bruce (groin). The Leafs are expecting C Doug Gilmour (concussion) and RW Nikolai •Borschevsky (stiff neck) to play tonight. C/LW Peter Zezel (sprained wrist) will likely sit out. V. Need to know: The Sharks have allowed just eight goals in their last three games. On the I [season, San Jose's goals against average is 4.88. Leafs are 2-0 against the Sharks this season and have outscored them 7-1. Grant Fuhr blanked San Jose on Nov. 19 for Toronto's only shutout this season. Toronto has added C Dave Tomlinson from its St. •John's farm club. The Sharks have called up C 'Hubie McDonough from San Diego o of the IHL.

Maple Leafs schedule Today - San Jose Sharks at Toronto Maple Leafs, 7:40 p.m. Saturday - Toronto Maple Leafs at Montreal Canodiens. 8:10 p.m. Monday - Tampa Bay Lightning at Toronto Maple

Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Wednesday - St. Louis Blues at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Saturday, January 16 - Chicago Blackhawks at Toronto Maple Leafs. 8:10 p.m. Sunday, January 17 - Toronto Maple Leafs of ChI cago Blackhawks, 8:40 p.m. Tuesday, January 19 - Toronto Maple Leafs at St. Louis Blues. 8:40 p.m. Thursday, January 21 - Toronto Maple Leats at. Tampa Bay Lightning, 7:40 p.m. Saturday, January 23 - Montreal Canadiens at Toronto Maple Leafs. 8:10 p.m. Tuesday, January 24 - Minnesota North Stars at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Saturday, January 30 - NY Rangers at Toronto Maple Leats, 8:10 p.m. Monday, February 1 - Toronto Maple Leats at St. Louis Blues. 8:40 p.m. Wednesday, February 3 - NY Islanders at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Tuesday, February 1 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Tampa Bay Lightning, 7:40 p.m. Thursday, February 11 - Vancouver Canucks at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Saturday, February 13 - Minnesota North Stars at Toronto Maple Leafs 8:10 p.m. Sunday, February 14 Toronto Maple Leafs at Minnesota North Stars 8:10 p.m. Wednesday, February 17 - Calgary Flumes at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Friday, February 19 - Tampa Bay Lightning at Toronto Maple Leafs, 7:40 p.m. Saturday, February 20 - Boston Bruins at Toronto Maple Leafs: 8:10 p.m. Monday, February 22 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Vancouver Canucks. 10:40 p.m. Thursday, February 25 - Toronto Maple Leafs at San Jose Sharks, 10:40 p.m. Saturday, February 27 - Toronto Maple Leafs of Los Angeles Kings, 10:40 p.m. Wednesday, March 3 - Minnesota North Stars of. Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Friday, March 5 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Defroit. Red Wings, 7:40 p.m. Saturday, March 6 - Winnipeg Jets at Toronto Mo: pie Leafs, 8:10 p.m. Tuesday, March 9 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Washington Capitals, 7:40 p.m. Wednesday, March 10 - Hartford Whalers at To-. ronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Friday, March 12 - Tampa Bay Lightning at Toronto Maple Leafs. 7:40 p.m. Monday, March 15 - Toronto Maple Leafs at Quebec Nordiques. 7:40 p.m. Thursday, March 18 - Toronto Mapie Leafs ent Tampa Bay Lightning, 7:40 p.m. Saturday, March 20 - Edmonton Oilers at Toronto Maple Leafs. 8:10 p.m.
