# The Times-Transcript — 1993-04-13 — p.8

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1993-04-13
**Page:** 8
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107674585/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1107674585

## Paragraphs

tensity, it was just like playoffs," he added. "It was tight-checking and there was a lot of pressure on us. The pressure to win was put on every player and they responded. "We kept it tight and we scored some big goals when we had to. Success at 1 this time of year comes from hard work, discipline and patience. Playoff hockey is a game of mistakes and breakdowns. We'll be working to elimiof ours and taking advantage some of theirs." Hawks had some success against the first-place Maple Leafs during the regular season. Leafs had a 5-4-3 record against the Hawks and just outscored them 53-51. Moncton was more successful than any other Atlantic Division team against the orphaned Leafs. "We won't about St. John's," Laird said. "We'll focus on what we have to do to win. Our team comes first." Laird isn't concerned about all of the offensive firepower of the Maple Leafs, who often are bailed out defensively by some great goaltending from Damian Rhodes, who lead the AHL in minutes played this season and developed into one of the best prospects in the league. Maple Leafs appear to have it all, including depth. Recentlyadded junior sensations Brandon Convery and Grant Marshall and University of Maine product Matt Martin have brought new enthusiasm to the club, that found itself dragging near the end of the long regular season. Prediction: St. John's in five.

Dwayne Tingley the Maple Leafs with 15 points against the Hawks this season, is on recall with Toronto and could be shipped to the AHL affiliate any time. Defencemen Jeff Serowik and Ted Crowley had 19 goals each. Laird said the Maple Leafs "can be overpowering,' but he's certain the Hawks can win the series. He senses a winning attitude among the Hawks. "We're putting a lot of emphasis on team defence and defensive responsibilities," Laird said. "We're not just talking about our checking line and relying on players who often do the defensive roles," the coach continued. "Steady team defence will prevail and we've got the players to do it." Hawks qualified for the Atlantic Division playoffs by winning their last four home games and most of those victories resulted from a tenacious defensive style. All Hawks forwards and defencemen played a more physical game at both ends and they followed up their tireless checking with speed and the creation of scoring chances. "The last four (home) games were like key playoff games for our team," Laird said. "In terms of importance and in-

The Moncton Hawks threesome of Rob Murray, Russ Romaniuk and Alan Kerr have been patched together to form The Blanket, the best checking line in the American Hockey League. However, The Blanket can't cover everyone and that could present the Hawks with problems in their Atlantic Division semifinal the St. John's Maple Leafs. The -of-seven series begins Wednesday night in Halifax, site of all Maple Leaf home games. "Matching lines against St. John's is a hard thing to do because they have such great balance and all three of their lines can do a lot of damage," Hawks coach Rob Laird said Monday afternoon. "If we let down for a second against any of their lines, we'll be paying the price," Laird added. "St. John's has a team that can put a lot of goals up on the board in hurry. The Maple Leafs trio of Kent Manderville, Patrik Augusta and Dave Tomlinson has been unstoppable lately. In a recent game against Halifax, they scored 12 points and had a combined +12 rating. If Laird attempts to counter that trio by throwing out The Blanket, Maple Leafs coach Marc Crawford won't fret. Afterall 49-goal scorer Yanic Perreault, 85-point scorer Rob Cimetta, veteran 30-goal scorer Ken McRae and speedsters Joe Sacco and Guy Larose would still be available to carry the offence. Centre Mike Eastwood, who led
