# Edmonton Journal — 1993-06-16 — p.59

**Publication:** Edmonton Journal
**Date:** 1993-06-16
**Page:** 59
**Location:** Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/475364227/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 475364227

## Paragraphs

The Canadian women's field hockey team has been slowed slightly by illnesses and injuries after a six-week training camp in South Africa. The Canadians played short for five matches in as many nights against the U.S. last week in Philadelphia. The Canadians finished 1-2-2 in the series. Liz Czenezek is one of five Edmonton players on the Canadian team. The veteran of the 1988 Seoul Olympics believes the players lacking international experience are making strides as they prepare for the 12-team Intercontinental Cup tournament July 14-25 in Philadelphia. "They're getting E used to what playing internationally is about," said Czenczek, adding that includes communicating on the field and more physical play. "We still need defensive work," said Czenczek. *And we have to put the ball in the net so we need to work on our corners.' Conditions have been more difficult in Philadelphia than i in South Africa, with temperatures as high as 33 C and high humidity. But now they know what to expect next month., The Canadians are training in Norfolk, Va., this week and playing more exhibitions against the U.S. The last three weeks of intense training will be in Toronto starting next week. Strong field for Race of Champions Edmonton's second Canadian Tire Race of Champions will have a strong field despite the absence of the overall Canadian Tire cycling series leaders. Defending Race of Champions winner Brian Walton of North Delta, B.C., will be among 92 men riding in Saturday's river valley road 1 race and Sunday's criterium in Old Strathcona. Edmonton's Colin Davidson, fifth here and the overall series champion last year, will also be among the entries. Ottawa's Gord Fraser, one of Davidson's teammates with the Independent Medical Examiners/Healthshare team, is the leading series rider confirmed. Fraser has 48 points after the third stops for a share of seventh place. Montreal's Steve Rover, David Spears of Dowling, Ont., and Toronto's Czeslaw Lukaszewicz are also entered. Rover and Lukaszewicz have 44 and 42, series points, respectively, as Reynolds/Volkswagen teammates and Spears has 42 for Team Magicuts. Sue Palmer of Collingwood, Ont., and Team Kahlua teammate Lesley Tomlinson of North Vancouver are the tour leaders among 21 confirmed women's riders. They rank third and fourth, respectively, behind teammates Clara Hughes of Hamilton and Alison Sydor from North Vancouver in the overall series standings with 127 and 108 points. Alberta team members Sonia Utting and Christine Smith are others among the confirmed riders. They are 12th and 13th, respectively, in the series standings.
