# Edmonton Journal — 1993-04-25 — p.25

**Publication:** Edmonton Journal
**Date:** 1993-04-25
**Page:** 25
**Location:** Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/474145480/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 474145480

## Paragraphs

"Something might break out but we're hoping everything will be OK. "We kept waiting for (team officials) to say we're not going. A phone call hasn't come." Toronto coach Marina van der Merwe, a South African native, has been monitoring the situation through the Canadian consulate. But there are special concerns for Sandra Levy of Markham, Ont., the lone black player. "I think Sandra's a bit frightened." said Czenczek. "The other girls in Ontario said she's been calling external affairs.' The Edmonton contingent can think of many positives, after stressing their families told them to stay in touch from their Seaboard Holiday Flats hotel. "A friend said if you fell asleep, you'd think you woke up in heaven," said Davies, describing what she's heard about Durban. "We're hoping we're right on the beach. But I was told you can't swim in the ocean because of the sharks." Barcelona Olympics veteran Jones said her parents aren't especially worried. They encouraged her to take lots of pictures and have fun. "I want some nice colorful clothes," said Davies, who is making her international debut. "Liz came out of retirement to go shopping,' said Croxford, another member of the Barcelona team. "That's what I look forward to on days off," said Czenezek. Czenczek quit after the 1988 Seoul Olympics to concentrate on her degree in physical therapy. She returned for a camp in New Jersey late last year.

Five Edmonton women have answered plenty of queries during the last two weeks about their visit to South Africa. "My folks aren't too happy I'm going." said Sian Davies, 22. "My friends are asking 'have you made out your will?" Davies, Liz Czenczek, Tara Croxford, Heather Jones and Dianna Kucharski are among 16 players on the Canadian women's field hockey team leaving Monday for six weeks of training in Durban. They'll arrive Wednesday morning to prepare for the Intercontinental Cup tournament in Philadelphia in July. Families and friends have been worried about the trip since African National Congress leader Chris Hani was murdered. That precipitated outbreaks of violence, particularly around Johannesburg and Cape Town. "We're going from one extreme to another," said Czenczek. She was referring to practising for the final time Friday at the University of Alberta turf, when the temperature was 6 C, before going to sub-tropical conditions. But she added "we might be caught in a civil war" as she prepared to drive to practice with Croxford. "I don't know whether to be concerned or not." said Czenczek, 28. "I know if it was really dangerous, we wouldn't be going. "Our parents are really concerned. They keep asking, 'Are you still going?'
