# Telegraph-Journal — 1994-04-30 — p.28

**Publication:** Telegraph-Journal
**Date:** 1994-04-30
**Page:** 28
**Location:** Saint John, Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1111145985/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1111145985

## Paragraphs

By NEIL HODGE Dave Tomlinson is a former St. John's Maple Leaf

necessary, Sunday. Two other Hawks - right winger Kevin McClelland and defenceman Darryl Shannon - were also Maple Leafs in the previous two playoff encounters between these two clubs. In fact. two years ago, Tomlinson, McClelland and Shannon were an integral part of a first-year St. John's' club that went to the Calder Cup final, one it lost in Game 7 to the Adirondack Red Wings. Tomlinson, a 24-year-old Vancouver native, exchanged teams a couple of time last summer. First, the Toronto Maple Leafs sold him to the expansion Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League and, in turn, he was traded to the Winnipeg Jets for Jason Cirone. He split this season between Winnipeg and Moncton, recording AlL totals of 46 points, including 23 goals, in 39 games. Despite only a half schedule, he was ninth in team offenco. In tho opening playoff round against the Saint John Flames, Tomlinson struggled to find the scoring touch, managing one goal and two assists. Ile missed the series opener because he was still with Winnipeg.

Telegraph Journal ST. JOHN'S, NIld. Dave Tomlinson took a walk through St. John's on Friday - and it felt kind of strange.

*After arriving late, it took couple of games to get readjusted," he said. "I felt stronger and played better as the series went along. "We had some other guys that either missed the first game against Saint John or got back just before because they were in Winnipeg. The whole team played better with each game and I think we're going to continuc to get better as the playoffs get older." 'The Hawks will have to get better this series. After all, they're playing the league's regular-season champion, a 45-23-12 finisher that had the best offence and thirdbest defence. St. John's was 7-4-1 versus Moncton, including 4-1-1 at Memorial Stadium and 3-3-0 at the Moncton Coliseum. Overall, Memorial Stadium - with its capacity crowd of 3,910 - proved a tough place for anyone to win as the Maple Leafs were 24-9-7 at home. "It's a tough place to play for the visitor." he said. "The fans are close to the action, almost on top of the play, and it can be intimidating for the visiting team.
