# The Vicksburg Post — 1994-07-14 — p.14

**Publication:** The Vicksburg Post
**Date:** 1994-07-14
**Page:** 14
**Location:** Vicksburg, Mississippi
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1041741643/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1041741643

## Paragraphs

way Park. 1967 - Eddie Mathews of the Astros hit his 500th home run off San Francisco's Juan Marichal at Candlestick Park. Houston beat the Giants 8-6. 1968 - Hank Aaron got his 500th horne run off Mike McCormick as the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Giants, 4-2. 1968 - Don Wilson of the Houston Astros struck out 18 Reds in a 6-1 victory over Cincinnati in the nightcap of a doub leheader. 1970 - Pete Rose of the Cincinnati Reds scores on Jim Hickman's 12thinning single after bowling over Cleveland's Ray Fosse at home plate to give the NL a 5-4 viictory over the AL at Riverfront Stadium. 1972 - In a maior league first, Bill Haller was the umpire behind the plate while his brother. Tom, was the catcher for the Detroit Tigers. Today's birthdays: Robin Ventura, 27: John Dopson, 31.

COLTS-Waived Don Maikowski, quarterback. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS-Signed Michael Young, wide receiver, to a twoyear contract. LOS ANGELES RAIDERS Agreed to terms with James Folston, linebacker. Signed Mike Alexander, wide receiver. LOS ANGELES RAMS-Signed Isaac Bruce, wide receiver, to a three-year contract. Agreed to terms with T.J. Rubley, quarterback, on a one-year contract. MIAMI DOLPHINS-Claimed Pat Johnson, safety, off waivers from the Atlanta Falcons. Waived Alex Mash, linebacker. MINNESOTA VIKINGS-Signed Clarence Verdin, kick returner-wide recelver, to a one-year contract, Todd Steussie, offensive lineman, to a fouryear contract. NEW ORLEANS SAINTS- Agreed to terms with Darion Conner, linebacker, on a one-year contract. NEW YORK JETS Agreed to terms with BIII Pickel, defensive tackle. PITTSBURGH STEELERS-Signed Taase Faumui, defensive end, to a multiyear contract. SAN DIEGO CHARGERS-Agreed to terms with Isaac Davis, guard, on a three-year contract; Trent Green, quarterback; Tony Vinson, running back; and Darren Krein, defensive end, on two-year contracts; and Eric Jonassen, guard, on a one-year contract. SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS-Signed Brian Treass, wide receiver. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS-Agreed to terms with Mike Piel, defensive tackle. Arena Football LangueCHARLOTTE RAGE-Activated Gary Dandridge, wide receiverdefensive back, from iniured reserve. CLEVELAND THUNDERBOLTSSigned John Koz, quarterback; Roger Cunningham, lineman; and Pat Danko, lineman. Placed Chip Todd and Donnie Moilick, fullback-linebackers; and Chris Harkness, wide receiverdefensive back, on iniured reserve. MASS MARAUDERS Claimed Tony Scott, wide receiver defensive back, off walvers. Placed Fred Gunter, wide receiver-defensive back, on recallable walvers. MIAMI HOOTERS-Signed Steve Kratz, kicker. Activated Jim Jensen, quarterback, from iniured reserve. Placed Chris Dawson, kicker, on recallable waivers. Waived John Fourcade, quarterback. MILWAUKEE MUSTANGS Signed Randy Hart, lineman: Donte Campbell. lineman; Horace Barrett, defensive specialist; and Terry Beckham, wide receiver-defensive back. HOCKEY National Hockey League HARTFORD WHALERS-Signed Jimmy Carson, center, to a multiyear contract. East Coast Hockey Langue TALLAHASSEE TIGER SHARKS Named Terry Christensen coach. IHL-Named Tim Bryant vice International Hockey Langue president of communications, Scoft Woods assistant director of communications and Greg Elliott vice president of marketing. CINCINNATI CYCLONES- Named Don Jackson coach. COLLEGE BELMONT ABBEY-Named Phil Hess sports information director. FRANKLIN & MARSHALL-Named Glenn Gallagher baseball coach. Announced the resignation of Mark Faller, wrestling coach, and Beth Ilyle, assistant trainer. LONGQWOOD-Announced that Renee White, women's basketball guard, has transferred from Liberty. MISSISSIPP|-Promoted Joe Lee Dunn, defensive coordinator, to interim head football coach. MUHLENBERG -Named Vic James baseball coach and assistant football coach: Christine Boty men's and women's track and field coach; Bill Lacey, Kyle Mirth and Ray Strelecki assistant football coaches: Diana Renner assistant field hockey coach; and Melissa Newhard women's assistant besketball coach. NORTHEAST LOUISIANA-Named Eun Jung Ok women's assistant basketball coach. ST. THOMAS, FLA.-Named Roger Morris men's tennis coach; Brian Rous men's and women's golf coach; and Stephanie Zollicoffer women's volleyball coach. TEMPLE-Named John Baum assistant athletic director for development and Dale Strahm defensive coordinator. TRINITY, TEXAS-Named Scott A. Williams men's and women's track and field coach and Nick Cowell women's golf coach. Announced women's golf will become a varsity sport, effective the 1994-95 academic year. WINGATE-Named Mike Craft men's assistant basketball coach.

the lead over the AL for the first time since the All-Star series began, winning 6-5 at Metropolitan Stadium in Bloomington, Minn. 1971 - Reggie Jackson's mammoth home run off the power generator on the right-field roof at Detroit's Tiger Stadium highlighted a barrage of six home runs - three by each team - as the AL beat the NL, 6-4, in the All-Star game. 1982 - The NL registered its 11th consecutive All-Star victory over the AL with a 4-1 victory at Montreal's Olympic Stadium, the first game played outside the United States. Dave Concepcion's two-run homer off Dennis Eckersley in the second inning was the deciding hit. Today's birthday: Greg Litton, 30. July 14 1916 - St. Louis Brown Ernie Koob went the distance in a 17-inning scoreless tie with the Boston Red Sox. Carl Mays went the first 15 innings for the Red Sox and Dutch Leonard finished. 1946 — Cleveland's Lou Boudreau hit four doubles and a home run in the firs! game of a doubleheader against Boston but Ted Williams connected for three home runs and drove in eight runs for an 11-10 Red Sox victory. 1956 - Mel Parnell of the Boston Red Sox pitched a no-hitter against the Chicago White Sox for a 4-0 victory at Fenway Park. 1967 - Eddie Mathews of the Astros hit his 500th home run off San Francisco's Juan Marichal at Candlestick Park. Houston beat the Giants 8-6. 1968 - Hank Aaron got his 500th home run off Mike McCormick as the Atlanta Braves beat the San Francisco Glants, 4-2. 1968 - Don Wilson of the Houston Astros struck out 18 Reds in a 6-1 victory over Cincinnati in the nightcap of a doubleheader. 1970 - Pete Rose of the Cincinnati Reds scores on Jim Hickman's 121h- Inning singie land's Ray Fosse at home plate to give the NL a 5-4 victory over the AL at Riverfront Stadium. 1972 - In a maior league first, Bill Hailer was the umpire behind the plate while his brother, Tom, was the catcher for the Detroit Tigers. Today's birthdays: Robin Ventura, 27: John Dopson, 31. July 15 1901 - Christy Mathewson of the New York Giants pitched his first of two carser no hitters, beating the St. Louis Cardinais. 5-0. 1969 - Cincinnati's Lee May hit four home runs in a doubleheader split with the Atlanta Braves. May had two home runs and drove in five runs in both games as the Reds lost the opener, 9-4, but came back to win the second same, 10-4. 1909 - Rod Carew stole home off Chicago's Gerry Nyman in the Minnesota Twins' 4-2 victory. 11 was Carew's seventh steal of home for the year and tied Pete Reiser's, 1946 melor lesove mark. 1973 - Noian Ryan of the Callfornia Angels struck out 17 betters and threw his second no hitter of the year, beating Detroit, 4-0. 1990 - Johnny Bench broke Yool Berra's record for home runs by a catcher as The Cincinnati Rede beat
