# The Houston Chronicle — 1994-12-01 — p.45

**Publication:** The Houston Chronicle
**Date:** 1994-12-01
**Page:** 45
**Location:** Houston, Texas
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1208674503/?match=1&terms=%22Steve%20Jaques%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1208674503

## Paragraphs

The effects of hockey's labor predicament will flare on two fronts today as the lockout of players begins its third month. •-** Across a conference table in Chicago, negotiators for the National Hockey League and the NHL Players Association will argue again over terms of a collective-bargaining agreement in an attempt to end an impasse that has postponed the start of the season for 61 days. If no deal is reached by the end of December, it is possible the entire 84-game regular season, plus the Stanley Cup playoffs, could be canceled. Such a meltdown would be

Charity acts Houston Aeros players and their wives, coaches and staff attended the "Angel of Light" at Second Baptist Church on Tuesday. They participated by serving food and wrapping gifts for the homeless. Family affair Older brother Pete Dineen isn't the first family member Kevin Dineen has had to call "boss." When Pete Dineen, the Aeros' director of player personnel, signed Kevin on Tuesday, he became the second in their family to put Kevin on the payroll. Kevin was coached by his father, Bill Dineen, in Philadelphia for a couple of seasons. Bill Dineen is best known in Houston as the former coach of the World Hockey Association Aeros in the mid-'70s. "This is different," Kevin Dineen said. "With Pete, once (the contract

unprecedented in professional sports and could lead to the splintering of a major league that has survived for eight decades and seemed, until this fall, on the brink of an explosion in "BIG popularity. Meanwhile, on the ice, in a suburb north of Detroit, a group of NHL stars, led by Wayne Gretzky, will play an exhibition game against a minor-league team. The match is a warm-up for a six-game tour of Finland, Sweden and Norway, which begins Friday. Officially, the trip is for good will and charity, but its larger agenda is much more complex and controversial. "We're hoping the lockout ends and maybe this tour will put a little pressure on somebody to get it to end," said Gretzky, who has chartered an airplane : for the tour. "Maybe it's showing that players can get out there and work and do some good things for the sport of hockey. I get mad when people say we're on strike. We're not on strike. We're locked out. Big difference." Although the NHL has expressed its unhappiness with the tour, ESPN2 announced Wednesday it would carry two games, on Dec. 9 and 10, from Sweden. NHL commissioner Gary Bettman, reached at his New York office, remained non-committal on the eve of the latest talks. "We're trying to move this process along. We're trying to make a deal," he said. Sources said the NHL and NHL Players Association have booked hotel space for three days in hopes of resolving the dispute.

of the puck at the red line and scored on a breakaway at 5:34. Freer deked;: then shot over the left shoulder of Thunder goalie Pokey Reddick for 2-0 Aeros lead. Freer scored again at 13:58 of the; second period on another breakaway after Arniel and Steve Jaques set him up at the Las Vegas blue line for. a 3-0 edge. Young had scored the Aeros' first goal just 3:46 into the game, assisted by defenseman Oleg Shargorodsky, and Mike Maurice. But the Aeros' defense, which has. surrendered almost as many goals in: the second periods at home (16) as in the first and third combined (18); middle period. The Thunder got a couldn't stop a Las Vegas late in the pair of goals in less than three minutes to narrow the gap to 3-2. "We always seem to have a tough*: time with the second period," said: Aeros goalie Troy Gamble. "I don't: know what it is, but we're going to ' have to be very careful. We've won! some games where we haven't played 60 minutes." Darcy Loewen's slap shot from the : Aeros' blue line found its way: through four players camped in front of the Aeros' goal a at 17:12 of the ' second period. Defenseman Jim Kyte added a short-handed goal at; 19:40. Freer scored his final goal after a wraparound attempt by Chitaroni.: Freer pounced on the rebound and. pushed it in at 12:56 4-2 of lead. the third to: give the Aeros a But Las Vegas answered almost' immediately as James Black scored,": assisted by Marc Rodgers at 13:37. The Aeros outscored Las Vegas 10-" 5 in the first two meetings despite; being outshot 79-47. Wednesday, the : Thunder outshot the Aeros 29-19. In 23 games.

Thursday, Dec. 1, 1994 Houston Chronicle 9B- *** basketball / Hockey 4 4. 0

Aeros summary EW COUNT Kerwin Plevka / Chronicle* Aeros defenseman Steve Jaques wraps up the Thunder's Patrice Lefebvre during the Aeros' 4-3 y win at The Summit. Viva Las Vegas. Aeros 4, Thunder 3 Aeros goalie Troy Gamble said it Houston .......... is reer no record surprise he against has Las a perfect Vegas in- ca- Las Vegas.. 2 2 TE: cluding three wins in three games robsky, First period- Maurice), -1, 3:46; Houston, 2, Young (Shargothis season. (unassisted), 5:34. Houston, Freer "I Penalties -Young. Housenjoy playing against Las ton (roughing), 4:20; Young, Houston (elbowVegas," Gamble said. "I had Bob ing). 7:00; Kyte, Las Vegaas (roughing). 7:00; Strumm, their coach and general Kyte, Las Vegas (holding). 9:48; Arniel, Housmanager, in juniors. I wouldn't be ton (roughing), (roughing), 13:36; 13:36; Bonk. Las Richards, Las Vegas playing this game without what he ing). 18:00; Dineen, Houston Vegas (roughing), taught me. 18:00. "He taught me how to be intense Second period-3. Houston, Freer (Jaand win. I get up for Vegas." ques, Arniel), 13:58: 1, Las Vegas, Loewen, (Habscheid. Richards). 17:12. 2, Las Vegas. PI Kyte (unassisted). 19:40. Penaltie-Bonk,
