# Courier-Post — 1994-01-27 — p.134

**Publication:** Courier-Post
**Date:** 1994-01-27
**Page:** 134
**Location:** Camden, New Jersey
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/183098457/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 183098457

## Paragraphs

of the goals were scored in the first period by seniors Jeff Locke and Chandler Echols and sophomore Jonathan Adler. The other two goals were from Jason Phillips. The Vikings lost, 8-3, to Germantown Academy with only

two goals and three assists (pLaymaker). Freshman Jason Echols had one goal and one assist. Jason Krell also earned a Playmaker with four assists. Jason Phillips added a single assist. Due to adverse weather and illness, only nine players were able to make the game. The Vikings also defeated their rivals, the Cougars from Cherry Hill East, 5-1, at the Coliseum. The team outshot the Cougars, 29-19, with Siitonen again in goal. Adler scored a hat trick with Locke and Tom Martinovic scoring singles. Locke had two assists and Krell added one. The Viking Varsity also played two Suburban League games at the Face Off Circle Rink in Warminster, Pa. In the first game against Central Bucks East, the Vikings won the match, 5-3, with shots on goal at 30-23 in the Vikings favor. Senior goalie Justin Tonczyczyn was in net. Three

•The Viking Ice Hockey Club Varsity team, comprised of students from Eastern High School, is now 15-6-2 in league play. After losing 8-3 to William Tennent, the Vikings defeated the Minutemen of Washington Township, 3-2, at the Twin Rinks of Pennsauken. The Vikings outshot their opponents 34-24 with Jason Siitonen tending goal. Scoring was done by Rakhal Bhalla, Jeremy Nichols and Jeff Locke. Jason Phillips had two assists with Single assists from Jason Krell and Steve. Passalacqua. In earlier action, the Viking Varsity defeated Archbishop Wood, 12-1, at the Face Off Circle Rink in Warminster, Pa. The -Vikings outshot their opponent, 49-19. Jason Siitonen tended goal. Senior center Jeff Locke scored a record seven goals with one • assist. Jonathan Adler scored two goals and four assists (playmaker) and senior Chris Daily had

Ice hockey
