# The Houston Chronicle — 1994-12-03 — p.51

**Publication:** The Houston Chronicle
**Date:** 1994-12-03
**Page:** 51
**Location:** Houston, Texas
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1208675146/?match=1&terms=%22Steve%20Jaques%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1208675146

## Paragraphs

By JOHN HENDEL •Chronicle correspondent KANSAS CITY, Mo. - With Kevin Dineen and Clayton Young getting the credit, the entire Aeros power play gave the Kansas City Blades a lesson Friday night. Dineen and Young scored in manadvantage situations in the first t period, helping the Aeros jump out to a three-goal lead en route to a 4-3 victory over the Blades at Kemper Arena. It was the Aeros' fifth victory in six games and Kansas City's sixth loss in seven outings. The Aeros owned the International play going into the scored Hockey League's fifth best power on two of three chances Friday to improve that. "Lately it has been pretty effective," Aeros coach Terry Ruskowski said of his power play. "It seems to run in cycles. Right now, it's effective. "Tonight we needed it. We made a couple of good passes and got a good - bounce. Tonight we got good goaltending and good specialty-team play, especially in the first period." The Aeros scored three times in 2:25 of that period, the first and third coming with a man advantage. "They were both low goals, but it started out with one high and one low," said Dineen, a two-time NHL All-Star who opened the scoring with his first goal as an Aero. Dineen scored after a shot by Dave Tippett went wide and banged off the boards behind the net and right to Dineen, who slipped it past Kansas City goalie Trevor Robins at 15:20 of the first period. Carl Valimont made it 2-0 with the teams at even strength just 2:10 later. And less than a minute after that, Kansas City's Dody Wood and Houston's Steve Jaques squared off in their second fight of the night. In addition to fighting majors to both players, Wood was given charging penalty to put the Aeros a man up for two minutes. It took Young just 28 seconds to capitalize Cerda finds By W.H. STICKNEY JR. Houston Chronicle Two-time former world champion Lupe Pintor and Rodrigo Cerda entered the ring Friday night hoping to

Aeros summary Jaques injured Aeros 4, Blades 3 Aeros defenseman Steve Jaques Houston City... 0 Kansas ........ 2-32 two fights with Kansas City's First period --1, Houston, Dineen 1 did not play Friday after the second of Dody pett. 15:20 (pp). 2. Houston, Wood. Valimont 3 (Freer). 17:30. 3, Houston, Young Jaques suffered a thumb injury and 10 (Hachborn, Tippett). 18:45 (pp). Penalt. D a cut to the bridge of the nose that ties -Woods. K.C. (fighting). 3:22; Jacques, "took a couple of stitches to close," Hou. (fighting). 3.22: Dineen, Hou. (interferaccording to A Aeros coach Terry Rus- ence). Jacques. 4.07; Hou. Emmons, (fighting). K.C. 18:17; (hooking). Woods. 14:16: kowski. (charging, fighting). 18:17. Jaques was taken for X-rays on the Second period-4. Kansas City, Caloún injured thumb, which were negative, 15 (Quintin), 15:00. Penalties Ruskowski said. It is not known if Ja- Hou. (holding stick). 12:00; Caloun, K.C. (ing) ques will be available for tonight's 15:24. terference). 15:24; Chitaroni, Hou. (roughing), game. Third period-5. Houston, Maurice 7, Odds and ends 3:51. Joyce). 6. 9:14 Kansas (pp). 7, City, Kansas Quintin City, 2 Tandill (Caloun. 12÷ Aeros winger Scott Arniel saw his Hou. (Emmons. (slashing). Caloun), 1:10. 19:56. Quintin, K.C. Penalties- (slashing). -Arniel, streak of consecutive games with at 1:10; Valimont. Hou. (interference), 4:28: Valle least one point end Friday. He had six mont. Hou. (slashing). 8:09. goals and four assists in the previous Shots on goal -Houston 17-8-5-30. eight games.. . Friday's game Kansas City 9-10-13-32. marked the first time teams from Power-play opportunities--Houston 2 of 2; Kansas City 1 of 3. Houston and Kansas City had met in Goaltenders~-Houston, Gamble (321 hockey since the 1960s, when shots-29 saves): Kansas City. Robins (30** Houston Apollos faced the Kansas 26). City Blues in the Central Hockey A-5.654. League. Tonight: Detroit Vipers at Aeros : What: Aeros (11-11-2) vs. Detroit Vipers (13-6-3). When/where: 7 p.m. at The Summit. TV/radio: No TV: KNUZ (1230 AM). • Tickets: From $5 to $30. Scouting the Aeros: Houston has won five of its last six games, including three consecutive, and will seek its third consecutive victory at The Summit.: after a five-game home losing streak last month. . . . Kevin Dineen got his first International Hockey League goal on a power play in the first period against Kansas City on Friday. • Scouting the Vipers: They beat Wayne Gretzky's NHL All-Stars 4-3 in arr exhibition Thursday night. . . The Vipers have a four-game IHL win streak " going.. . . Detroit is stacked with former NHL talent, including leading scorer Joe Day, formerly of the New York Islanders and Hartford Whalers. Day has: 20 points on 11 goals and nine assists. . for a 3-0 lead. four seconds to go with Robins pulled Kansas City scored late in the in favor of a sixth attacker. second period when Jan Caloun beat But that was not enough to undo Aeros goalie Troy Gamble with a the damage the Aeros' power play blast. The Aeros increased the lead had inflicted. The combination of with Mike Maurice's unassisted goal former NHL players - notably Dis at 3:51 of the third period. The neen and Tippett, who assisted on Blades' J.F. Quintin scored at 9:14 of both power-play goals - gives the the third period and KC made it Aeros one of the most lethal power close when Chris Tancill scored with plays in the league. right combination vs. Pintor 16 straight times before the former "Again, I'm happy with the way I champ responded. fought." •: After a brief interlude, Cerda Pintor has lost three times in five came back with another barrage of comeback fights. In each of the six unanswered
