# The Times-Transcript — 1994-03-09 — p.12

**Publication:** The Times-Transcript
**Date:** 1994-03-09
**Page:** 12
**Location:** Moncton, Moncton Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1107622720/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 1107622720

## Paragraphs

game in hand. In Albany, N.Y., Mark Pederson, trying to win the AHL goalscoring title, got two goals Tuesday to lead the Adirondack Red Wings to a 6-1 victory over the Albany River Rats. Pederson's ef. forts spoiled the professional debut of U.S. Olympian Mike Dunham. Pederson increased his season total to 47, giving him a three-goal lead over Patrik Augusta of St. John's and four over Mitch Lamoureux of Hershey. Both the Maple Leafs and the Bears were idle Tuesday. NOTES - Goaltender Stephane Beauregard, has after been a reassigned one-game stint in Winnipeg. He backed up Mike O'Neill in Winnipeg's 7-2 loss to the New York Islanders at home Monday night. ...Defenceman Milan Tichy is expected to return to the Hawks lineup tonight after missing games with a back injury. ...Despite still experiencing some blurred vision, winger Frank Kovacs practised with a visor Tuesday and he could be ready to play tonight. He suffered a scratched eyeball in Sunday's game against Prince Edward Island Senators. ...Hawks centre Dave Tomlinson suffered a hip injury in practice Tuesday and it's not certain if he'll be ready to play tonight. ...Oilers winger Peter White has been on quite a streak. He's collected 49 points in his last 26 games. The record for most consecutive games with a point was set by Moncton's Mike Richard, who had a point in 31 straight games when he played for Binghamton in 1987. ...Portland's Kevin Kaminski has another kind of streak going. He's racked up 128 penalty minutes in his last 21 games. St. John's ups ante for Leafs ST. JOHN'S, Nfld. (CP) - It appears the St. John's Maple Leafs will be staying put a few more years. City council has unanimously approved a contract extension for the until American Hockey League team 1999. Under the new contract, the city will pay about $1.1 million annually Leafs to for the the parent Toronto Maple from five years, up next next year's fee of $875,000. profit Since of the about team turns a yearly $200,000, the increased franchise fee will virtually eliminate team profits for the city, said Coun. Jeff Brace.

eryone is hitting all of the time." Vitolinsh said he doesn't mind the physical aspect of pro hockey. In fact, he said he should probably get more involved, but admitted he's not very good at playing that kind of game. "I get hit and it's okay. If I get hit, someone else on the line has more room to skate with the puck." While the checking hasn't bothered him physically, it's been a strain mentally. "There's no time to relax. We must always concentrate. When we relax, we get hit hard by other team." The length of the schedule has also been hard on the 25-year-old rookie. He's used to a 40-game schedule in Russia, which includes almost an entire month off at Christmas time. Last year, he played seven games with New Haven of the AHL and 17 games in the Swiss league. "It's hard to play the same way all of the time, Vitolinsh said. "The games are hard. In Switzerland, we played games on Tuesday and Saturday. "In Canada, we play three or four games a week and we practise hard every day. In Canada, we play hard to win every game. In Europe, we don't play that hard." Vitolinsh said he is impressed with the way the Hawks have played recently and the balance of the team's three forward lines has been the key to its steady climb up the Atlantic Division standings. "(Craig) Fisher's line is scoring a lot of goals. Rob Murray is hardest worker. Murray's line kills penalties and helps team win a lot of games." Vitolinsh has been playing the wing with Dave Tomlinson at centre and feisty Wayne Doucet on the left wing. Vitolinsh said he excts the threesome to generate ...ore offence. Entering tonight's game, the Hawks have a 33-27-4 record for 70 points and second place in the division. They are also riding a seven-game unbeaten streak at home. In action Tuesday night, the Oilers defeated the Fredericton Canadiens 4-3 before 3,058 spectators at the Aitken Centre. The win pushed the Oilers into third place and just five points behind the Hawks. Canadiens, meanwhile, remain stuck in fifth place. They are nine points behind the fourth-place Saint John Flames with just one
