# Stamford Advocate — 1994-08-24 — p.20

**Publication:** Stamford Advocate
**Date:** 1994-08-24
**Page:** 20
**Location:** Stamford, Connecticut
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1286917324/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1286917324

## Paragraphs

ATLANTA FALCONS Waived Jason Phillips and Corey Dixon, wide receivers; John Heidenreich, tackle, and Mitch Davis, linebacker

D.J Johnson, cb (Pittsburgh); Roman Fortin, ol; Mike Zandofsky, ol (San Diego); Lester Archambeau, de; Kevin Ross, db (Kansas City); Harper LeBel, te; Michael Kenn, ol; Charles Washington, db; Terance Mathis, wr (N.Y. Jets); Lemuel Stinson, cb; e-David Mims, wr; r-Ernie Logan, de; r-Michael Pritchard, wr (traded to Denver); Clay Matthews, lb (Cleveland); Ken Tippins, lb; r-Erric Pegram, rb: Bob Gagliano, qb; Jason Phillips, wr; Mike Ruether, ol; Elbert Shelley, cb; Ricky Sanders,

TORONTO — Mike Murphy, an assistant coach with the Toronto Maple Leafs the last three seasons and once the head coach of the Los Angeles Kings, joined the New York Rangers yesterday as an assistant. Murphy will work with new Rangers coach Colin Campbell, who was an assistant last year under Mike Keenan. "Leaving Toronto is really tough, it was a hard choice," Murphy said. "I was quite happy here. It's the Mecca of hockey. "The Rangers made me an offer that was impossible for me to turn down. That's the bottom line. It was just a , fiscally sound decision." Murphy, 43, has also been an assistant with the Kings and Vancouver Canucks.

International Hockey League

HOCKEY

• women s ice hockey coach and Jay T Weiss a wrestling coach

National Hockey League

East Coast Hockey League
