# The Orlando Sentinel — 1995-10-26 — p.104

**Publication:** The Orlando Sentinel
**Date:** 1995-10-26
**Page:** 104
**Location:** Orlando, Florida
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/233196215/?match=1&terms=%22Tony%20Bobbitt%22
**Image ID:** 233196215

## Paragraphs

At Municipal Stadium, 7:30 p.m. Friday RECORDS: Lake Brantley 5-2; Mainland 6-2. COACHES: Lake Brantley - Fred Almon (12th season, 65-50); Mainland - Doug Stanley (8th season, 43-30.) LAST WEEK: Lake Brantley was edged by conference and district foe Lake Howell, 25-24; Mainland trounced Spruce Creek, 56-3. PLAYMAKERS: Lake Brantley - QB Dee Brown returned from an ankle injury, scoring two touchdowns and passing for 116 yards; RB Brian Gonzales has gained 824 yards rushing yards and seven touchdowns; WR Brian Whitman leads the team in receptions with 11 for 186 yards, a 16.9 average per catch; LB's Brent Standage and Eddie Lee lead the team and the conference with 104 and 99 tackles, respectively. Mainland - QB T.T. Toliver leads the team in rushing with 517 yards and eight touchdowns on 87 carries. More impressively, Toliver leads all of Central Florida quarterbacks, having completed 78 of 132 passes for 1,057 yards, nine touchdowns and only two interceptions; RB Adrian Williams has 227 yards and two touchdowns on 36 carries; WR Al Sermon leads Volusia County schools with 31 receptions for 430 yards and four touchdowns; TE Joe Giddens has scored his share as well, with 19 catches for 298 yards and four touchdowns; LB James Hudson leads the team with 66 tackles and two sacks. NOTES: Lake Brantley started the season 5-0 before dropping its last two games to Orange Park and Lake Howell. Mainland used three quarterbacks last week, starting Toliver, allowing backup Giddens some snaps and giving freshman Tony Bobbitt his first varsity experience. Bobbitt completed three of four | passes for 82 yards. ... Mainland and Lake Brantley were both in the same district last year, and Mainland's 35-26 victory put the e Bucs i in the district drivers seat. ... Tickets are $4 at the gate. PREDICTION: This matchup not only pits two of the best teams in the region, but two of Central Florida's top quarterbacks as well. Both teams have several offensive weapons aside from the quarterback. Lake Brantley in a shootout, 35-28.
