# Sun-Journal — 1995-10-29 — p.1

**Publication:** Sun-Journal
**Date:** 1995-10-29
**Page:** 1
**Location:** Lewiston, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/832120804/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 832120804

## Paragraphs

Economic goals: City officials laud business benefits of new hockey franchise By KEVIN MILLS Sunday Staff Writer LEWISTON - A Quebec Major

Junior Hockey League team in Lewiston may mean great things f 0 r hockey

but its benefits are expected to go beyond the sport itself. "This is a plus for the whole city," said Mayor John Jenkins, who began the initial discussions about bringing a team to Lewiston. "Like any sports do for Portland or otherwise, it brings visitors to spend money in the restaurants and the hotels. It brings shoppers into our downtown. It give us a big shot in the arm. This is what we need for our economy. You've got to get people here to see what Lewiston has to offer." "We're real excited about this," said Steven Levesque, the city's development director, who has played a key role during recent ations. "This will have a wonderful effect. It's real important for the community to have this type of a class opportunity. It has a real strong community aspect. So it's really important for us." An agreement among the Lewiston City Council, officials of the Central Maine Civic Center and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League sealing the deal is expected Monday. Steve Widmeyer, future general manager of the franchise,

Jason

AUBURN - This afternoon Edward Little High School will open its doors a and give students a chance to talk about the loss of their four friends, Jason Phillips, Jessica Pelletier, Maca Roddy and Jason Gagnon. Considering how involved and well-liked they were, there will be plenty to talk about. Three of the victims, Pelletier, Jessica Pelletier Roddy and Gagnon, graduated in June. Phillips was a senior. Teachers and coaches who knew san north on Route 26 at the same time a pulp them said Saturday they were truck was turning left from Route 232 onto dazed after hearing of the accident. Route 26. The car struck the side of the truck, Some had difficulty talking about driven by Tauno Wilson, 60, of Hebron, and them. burst into flames. The truck driver was not in- "I've been feeling numb," said jured. varsity basketball coach Mike FranThree different sets of motorists stopped : and coeur. "I just don't know how to tried futiley to pull from the burning car. handle this, not to mention how to "The car was fully engulfed," said Maine Public help the 16- and 17-year-olds. Right Safety Department spokesman Stephen Mc- now I'm numb with feeling. My wife

WOODSTOCK - What started out as a weekend trip to Montreal ended in a living nightmare when four central Maine teen-agers died after their car crashed into a truck. According to state police, the dead are Jason Phillips, 18, of West Poland, a senior at Edward

Jason Phillips Maca Roddy Jason Gagnon
