# The Toronto Star — 1995-03-21 — p.67

**Publication:** The Toronto Star
**Date:** 1995-03-21
**Page:** 67
**Location:** Toronto, Ontario, Canada
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/947597111/?match=1&terms=%22Dave%20Tomlinson%22%20%22Maple%20Leafs%22
**Image ID:** 947597111

## Paragraphs

"My greatest moment was signing with the Leafs," the left winger says. "I am most proud their of this of all the things I have been able to get through." They share each other's triumphs. Jeff speaks with revernone ence about having watched Tim play in the Vanier Cup at the the SkyDome. deTim cherishes the memory of the Mike having been called up to play for the St. John's Maple Leafs at the Forum in Montreal pi- this year. no "I went to Montreal and went rinkside with my face against he the glass like a 10-year-old," off Tim Ware recalls of Mike's first professional game. "Mike blocked a shot right at the blue line and he took the puck on a to a breakaway, used his speed and went into his old moves and scored. was "His first goal (in professionbeen al hockey) is what I will always I remember. He scored another and was named star of the my game." Tim Ware says his youngest brother, Jeff, "has bigger moments ahead," but watching him in the OHL All-Star Game was the pinnacle to date." Jeff and Mike are poised to go on to the NHL. "Professional hockey is a tough life and a lot of sacrifices," Debbie says, some anguish showing on her face. "The job market is so poor for young people, but if you can play a professional sport it is an opportunity. "It is important to have other interests because there is a lot of down time in hotels - even if it means learning to play a guitar." "Hockey will end sooner or later," Jim Ware cautions. "I think it is very important they don't spend their summers playing golf. They must get an education." The pride Jim Ware feels when he speaks of his sons is evident. "It was a thrill when Mike signed with the Leafs," he says. "I have been a Toronto fan since I laced on my first pair of skates. If (Mike and Jeff) put on a Maple Leaf sweater, that would be great."

Here's My Pal Dave Tomlinson's CAR BUY OF THE WEEK

Dave Tomlinson's Perfect PRE-OWNED SUPER BUYS OF THE WEEK Coupe, 1994 Aqua/21,000 SUNBIRD kms. $12,998 1994 Sedan/White/33,000 CORSICA kms. LT $12,998| 1994 Sedan/Blue/26,000 GRAND kms. AM SE $14,999 1993 Coupe/Red. 62,000 SUNFIRE kms. ASUNA $9,988 Sedan with 55,000 kms. 1993. BUICK CENTURY CUSTOM $13,488 1993 Sedan/Blue/52,000 GRAND kms. PRIX Si $14,963| 1993 Sedan/Maroon/46,000 OLDS CIERA kms. $13,673 2 1991 door/Blue/71,000 SUNBIRD kms. LE $7,298 1991 Red/86,000 kms. SONOMA P/U $11,763| 1991 Silver/Sedan/62,000 BUICK REGAL kms. CUSTOM $ 12,899 NO FREIGHT COSTS. NO AIR TAX. JUST PST/GST. 1200€23
