# York Daily Record — 1995-12-22 — p.25

**Publication:** York Daily Record
**Date:** 1995-12-22
**Page:** 25
**Location:** York, Pennsylvania
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/554175867/?match=1&terms=%22Jason%20Phillips%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 554175867

## Paragraphs

ON THE AIR TODAY TV 7 p.m. - NCAA basketball, Kansas VS. temple from I East Rutherford, N.J., ESPN. 7:30 p.m. NBA basketball, Milwaukee Philadelphia, PRISM. p.m. NBA basketball, New York (nicks at Orlando, TNT. p.m. NCAA basketball, Georgia Tech • Massachusetts from East Ruthertord. J.. ESPN. p.m. - NCAA basketball, Villanova at Jew Orleans, ESPN2. 10:30 p.m. NBA basketball, Sacramento Kings at Los Angeles Lakers, TNT 12 a.m. - NCAA basketball, George Mason at Long Beach State, ESPN (1 a.m. - NB basketball, Washington at Golden State, HTS (taped) RADIO 6:45 a.m. Ned Jarrett's World of Racing, WOYK-AM 1350. 12:20 p.m. - Ned Jarrett's World of Racing, WOYK- 1350. 3 p.m. Sportstalk with Curt Hart. WSBA-AM 910. 4:45 p.m. - NASCAR Today, WOYK-AM 1350 6 WHP Sportscenter with Jed Dohahue Bob Bartel, WHP-AM 580. a.mid 7 p.m. - Jeffrey Schiffman Show. WSBAAM 910. 7:10 p.m. - NCAA basketball, Bucknell at 1 Penn State, 910. WHP-AM 580. WHVR-AM 1280, WGET -AM 1320. WLAN-AM 1390 7:15 p.m. AHL hockey, Hershey at Worcester, AM 1350. WLBR-AM 1270. WKBO-AM 1230, WLAN-AM 1390 7:45 p.m. - High school basketball. Litflestown at Hanover, 1280 8 p.m. school basketball. Manheim Township at Hempfield. WLPA-AM 1490

Schools and area sporting organizations should mail their lists of vacancies to Daily Record Sports, 1750 Industrial Highway. York. Pa. 17402, or far the list to 717 840-2009. Please call the sports department and let us know when the vacancies hare born filled so we can remove them from the list. 1 Central York High School is accepting applications for the positions of jayvee wrestling coach, assistant boys' track and varsity high school baseball coach. Interested persons should contact athletic rector Steve Bowman, 300 E. 7th Ave. York, Pa. 17404. or call 846-6789. New Oxford High School is accepting applications for assistant wrestling coaches. Applicants should call New Oxford Athletic Director Bob Conrad at 624-2157, ext. 222. South Western High School is accepting applications for head boys' baseball coach, assistant boys' baseball coach and girls' softball coach Interested persons should contact South Western High School athletic department. 200 Bowman Road. Hanover, Pa. 717-633-4806 for an application. Deadline for applications is Dec 15 I Susquehannock High School is accepting applications for head junior high cheerleading coach the 1995-96 winter sports seasons. Anyone having an interest in the position should contact athletic director Tom Hoover. Susquehannock High School, Box 128, Glen Rock, Pa. 17327 For details, call 235-4811. Ex. 240. accepting applications for the positions of York Area Von High School is head softball coach and assistant track coach. Interested persons should contact Richard athletic director, 2179 S. Queen St., York, Pa. 17402 or call 741-0820 York Ice Hockey Club is seeking experienced coaches and assistant coaches for its traveling teams, in-house teams and beginner programs this winter. For details, call Mark Skehan at 848-9365 William Penn High School is seeking individuals interested in the following positions: head coach for the boys' track team, head coach for the junior varsity softball team and assistant varsity softball assistant. For information call the athletic director at 849-1330 or apply at the York City School District personnel office. York Junior Volleyball Club is seeking individuals interested in coaching boys' or girls' teams for the 1995-96 USA Volleyball Season. Playing experience or previous coaching experience is necessary. For more information, call Mick Gilbert at 235-7281 York Catholic High School seeks an assistant coach for thegirls' soccer team beginning in spring 1996. Candidates should contact Randy Byrnes, head coach, at 846-5656. York College seeks a part-time women's so soccer coach. Candidates should send an application letter and resume to Jeff Gamber, director of athletics, York College, York, Pa., 17405-7199 York Suburban High School is accepting applications for a junior high head wrestling coach. The salary is $1,150 to $1,197, depending upon experience Interested applicants should contact Larry Ludwig. athletic director. at 843-3881 between the hours of 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. York Suburban High School is accepting applications for anassistant cheerleading coach for the remainder of the 1995-96 school year. The salary is $1,227 to $2,045 (pro-rated), depending upon experience. Interested applicants should contact Larry Ludwig. athletic director, at 843-3881 between the hours of 8 a.m. and 4

DENVER NUGGETS Waived Elmore Spencer center and Randy Woods guard Activated Rastko Cvetkovic center from the injured st FOOTBALL National Football League NFL - Fined Miami linebacker Bryan Cox $17.500 and Buffalo fut back Carwell Gardner $15.000 tor fighting in a game Dec 17 CLEVELAND BROWNS Placed Frank Stams, linebacker Injured reserve Signed Ray Ethridge wide receiver from the practice squad. NEW ORLEANS SAINTS Placed Shane Pahukoa safety on injured reserve Claimed Toddrick Mcintosh. defensive end. off waivers from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers HOCKEY ANAHEIM National Hockey MIGHTY Leagues . Reassigned Byron Penstock. goaltender from Baltimore of the AHL to Raleigh of the ECHL LOS ANGELES KINGS - Recalled Gary Shuchuk center from Phoenix of the IHL WINNIPEG JETS - Sent Jason Doig defenseman, to Laval of the QMJHL American Hockey League BALTIMORE BANDITS Signed Mike Mudd. goaltender to a tryout agreement. SYRACUSE CRUNCH Named Vance Lederman general

D'TOWN 1001, G.MIFF. 851 200 medley relay Dal lastown (Weaver, Voorheis, Phillips Markey). 42.76. 2 GM. 3 GM. 200 free - 1. Clint Fitzkee Dt 1 53 97: 2 Billet. Dt: 3 Kennedy GM. 200 IM 1 Jason Weaver Dt. 2 03 39. 2 Grove GM 3 Zeigler. Dt. 50 free 1 Troy Bast. GM. 22 44. 2 Ruth GM 3 Markey, Dt. Diving Mike Shingler. GM 184 65. 2 Cornell Dt. 3 Simmons. Dt. 100 fly - Jason Phillips. Dt. 57 72. 2 Codi. GM. 3 Eisenhofer GM 100 free - 1 Troy Bast. GM 49 39. 2 Markey. Dt. 3 Ruth. GM 500 free Matt Kennedy. GM. 5:09.78. 2 Griffith. GM 3 Fitzkee, Dt, 200 free relay - Dallastown (Weaver. Voorheis. Phillips, Markey). 1 32 30 2 Dt. 3 GM. 100 back 1 Jason Weaver Dt. 57 17. 2 Eisenhoter GM 3 Zeigler Dt. 100 breast Jason Phillips. Dt. 1:06 41, 2 Grove, GM. 3 Voorheis. Dt. 400 free relay - 1. Dallastown (Schaeberle. Fitzkee. Billet. Myers), 3 29 05 2 GM. 3 GM
