# Journal Tribune — 1996-10-19 — p.16

**Publication:** Journal Tribune
**Date:** 1996-10-19
**Page:** 16
**Location:** Biddeford, Maine
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/862638801/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 862638801

## Paragraphs

THE REMATCH!!! Last year's Eastern Junior Hockey League Championship finalists will battle it out for two days this weekend at the Biddeford Ice Arena. IT'S GONNA BE AWESOME!!! JUNIOR VS NORTHERN, SNOW WHALERS DEVILS HOCKEY CLUB SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19 - 7 PM SUNDAY, OCTOBER 20 - 1 PM Adults: $4 Students: $3

20% OFF All Hockey Sticks & Protective Equipment Friday Saturday Sunday Giving Yankee you Edge! The Sports 35 FODEN RD. • S. PORTLAND AUBURN PLAZA • AUBURN COOK'S CORNER MALL • BRUNSWICK MOUNTAIN VALLEY MALL 5 POINTS SHOPPING CTR. BIDDEFORD NORTH CONWAY N.H. WINDHAM MALL • WINDHAM LILAC MALL • ROCHESTER, N.H.

The sports seasons are winding down for the Bobcats of Saco Middle School but most of the teams have 1 met with recent success. The SMS field hockey team suffered a heartbreaking, 1-0 loss at the hands of the visiting Knights from Noble. Noble scored with two seconds left in the second sudden-death overtime period. Both field hockey teams then battled hard but were overpowered at

MICHELE MOTT/Journal Tribune Staff Photographer Sticking with it Lake Region High School's Angie Ridlon, left, drives the ball away from the reach of Kennebunk defender Van Nguyen during a field hockey game last month. Kennebunk's Rams entered Friday's game at Marshwood with a 7-4-1 record and an eye on the playoffs which begin next week.

In recent Saco Soccer Club matches, York Soccer Club defeated Saco's U13's 4-1. The lone goal was scored by Mike McCormick, assisted by Keil Martin. There was strong midfield play by Jon Hobbins, Josh Pollack, Zack Zaitlin and Kyle Wentworth for Saco and Myles McGonagle and Mike Petersen shared goalie duties. Saco also beat South Berwick 4-1 and lost a 4-1 game to Kittery. Against Souther Berwick, goalie Steve Trahan's stood out and goals were recorded by Mike McCormick
