# The Flint Journal — 1997-12-18 — p.43

**Publication:** The Flint Journal
**Date:** 1997-12-18
**Page:** 43
**Location:** Flint, Michigan
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1108129638/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1108129638

## Paragraphs

PREP SCHEDULE Basketball Games at 7:30 unless noted TODAY Big Nine Conference Grand Blanc at Flushing Other area game Valley School at MSD, 6 p.m. FRIDAY Saginaw Valley Conference : Saginaw Arthur Hill at Central SW Academy at Midland Boy City Western at Bay City Central Saginaw Heritage at Midland Dow Big Nine Conference Powers Catholic at Carman -Ainsworth Davison at Beecher. Kearsley at Swartz Creek Metro League Fenton at Linden Oxford at Lapeer West Mt. Morris at Clio : Genesee Eight Conference Goodrich at Hamady Bentley at Montrose Lake Fenton at Byron. New Lothrop at Bendle® Other area games AA Gabriel Richard at Genesee Christian Atherton at Dryden Durand at Corunna •m; First Church of God at Valley School, 6 p.m. Genesee at Valley Christian, 7 p.m. 1mlay City at Algonac lonia at Owosso Laingsburg Christian at Faith Baptist, 4 p.m. Millington at Saginaw Swan Valley NB Wesleyan at North Branch Hockey FRIDAY IMA 11 - Mt. Morris vs. Lapeer West, 6:30 Howell Grand Oaks Arena - Flushing vs. Hartland, 3:30 p.m. Swimming TODAY Lapeer at Carman-Ainsworth, 6 p.m. • Ovid- Elsie and Owosso at Kearsley, 6 p.m. Swartz Creek at Grand Blanc, 6 p.m. Mt. Morris at Fenton, 6 p.m. Volleyball TODAY Bentley, Bridgeport and Corunna at Mt. - Morris, •Linden 6 at p.m. Ann Arbor Pioneer, 7 p.m. Christian at Faith Baptist, 6 p.m. Valley School at MSD, 5 p.m. FRIDAY Invitational (Millington), 4 p.m. First Church of God at Valley School, 5 Wrestling TODAY Birch Run and Bullock Creek at St. Charles, 6 FRIDAY Clio at Detroit Catholic Central Davison and Dryden at Kearsley, 6 p.m. Oakland County Meet (Oxford, Holly), 4 Coaches can call in results on the day the game is played. The Journal sports number is 766-6184. -

Bi Jason Buxenstein 1:06; 125 - Mike McCormick (Y) d. Mooi :40; 130 Mike Belfinger (Y) d. Matt Sweet 5-4; 135 - Chad Pachmayer (Y) d. Cooper 15-2; 140 - Choate (LE) d. Jeremy Burg 1:47; 145 Jason Belfinger (Y) d. Josh Streeter :28; 152 Richard Meharg (Y) d. Hotchkiss 1:58; 160 - Hunt (LE) d. Josh Francek 8-4; 171 - Nick Rashid (Y) d. Brozelle 25-12; 189 Francis (LE) d. Aaron Ozemski 5:38; 215 - Smith (LE) d. Justin Francek 2:32; 275 Davidson (LE) void. Records: Lopeer East 1-5. "

PREP HOCKEY Cavs skate to victory Nate Daunt scored a hat trick as Carman-Ainsworth skated to a 7-5 hockey victory over East Lansing at IMA Sports Arena Wednesday. Ryan Stone added two goals and two assists and Justin Sprague one goal and two assists. The Cavaliers improved to 4-3.* Ras Hartung had a hat trick and an assist to power Kearsley to . a 13-2 triumph against FlushIng. Nate Dennis added two goals and an assist for the Hornets (4- 3). * Jeff Muma scored a pair of goals and set up three others to lead Southwestern Academy to a 5-2 win over Goodrich. Andy Palovich added two goals and Jeremy Judd three assists for the

•THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Burlington, Vt. - Jayna Hefford scored two goals, including •the, decisive one with 2:05 remaining, to lead the Canadian women's % Olympic hockey team to a 5-4 'victory Wednesday night over the 'U.S. - .The U.S. led 4-1. early in the second period, • 'but -•wilted in • the face of aggressive Cana- Whitten •dian play. -

Wickenheiser got one of her three assists on the play. At 12:42 of the third period, Canada's Danielle Goyette tied the game at 4-4 on a breakaway, with assists from Wickenheiser and Geraldine Heaney. game, part of the Three Nations' Cup pre-Olympic series, was carried by the Lifetime cable network. It was the first nationally televised women's hockey game. A crowd of 2,850 looked on at Gutterson Field House at the University of Vermont. Both teams are preparing for the Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, in February. Canada now leads the preOlympic, series between the On Tuesday, Whitten and the U.S. beat Finland 6-2 in her hometown of Saratoga Springs, N.Y. Whitten is one of three goaltenders competing for two spots on the U.S. team. Whitten had an easy night, stopping 10 shots. She lost her shutout when Finland scored twice in the third period. U.S. coach Ben Smith, who must cut one goalie next week, said he was satisfied with Whitten's play.

103 - Dovan Arnold (Y) void; 112 - Jason Menorg (Y) void; 119 - Adam Sopha (Y) d. Follis :41; 125 - Mike McCormick (Y) void; 130 - Mike Belfinger (Y) d. Hobson 3:41; 135 - Chad Pachmayer (Y) d. Villarreal 2:24; 140 - Demott (B) d. Jeremy Burg :35; 145 - Horwath (B) d. Jason Belfinger 6- 3; 152 Richard Meharg (Y) void; 160 Josh Francek (Y) d. Callaway 1:50; 171 Roberts (B) d. Nick Rashid 2:17; 189 - Hinman (B) d. Aaron Oziemsley 1:25; 215 - Justin Trancek (Y) d. Walker :42; 275 - Premo (B) void. Records: Bentley 5-2.
