# The Times — 1998-02-14 — p.27

**Publication:** The Times
**Date:** 1998-02-14
**Page:** 27
**Location:** Shreveport, Louisiana
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/220425396/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 220425396

## Paragraphs

The Western Professional Hockey League handed down suspensions against a Mudbug and two Central Texas players for their roles in a game Wednesday that had several cheap shots. Newly acquired Shreveport winger Rob Hrytsak missed last night's game against Fort Worth after picking up a two-game suspension. He'll also skip today's game against Austin. Central Texas' Doug Smith picked up a six-game suspension and Peter Zurba a one-game suspension. Smith and Hrytsak fought briefly after the Wednesday night game ended. Zurba picked up his third game misconduct during the contest, automatically sidelining him for one game. Mudbugs coach Jean Laforest said he wasn't sure what else Hrytsak could have done after he was confronted by Smith near the Shreveport bench. He will call the league and attempt to get Hrytsak's fine removed. The amount of the fine was undisclosed. "Looking at the tape, they definitely came over," Laforest said. "I can't justify our actions fully. By the same token, what are you to do when you're confronted?"

stickwork. Gylywoychuk left the Stampede game in third period, but returned without any ill effects last night against Fort Worth. The Mudbugs earned a brief mention in the Feb. 16 issue of Sports Illustrated. SI's Mike Shropshire wrote about life on the road with the WPHL's Odessa Jackalopes. The article was mostly complimentary, explaining how the modest $400 salaries ensure that the guys are playing for the love of the game. There was one notable slight the region. In outlining WPHL President Rick Kozuback's marketing strategy for the 2-year-old league, Shropshire writes: "Kozuback's business plan is based on the theory that a novelty like hockey can be an appealing entertainment alternative in lo-

Doucette, Dave 54 10 34 44 28 20 137 .073 PIM Penalties in Burkitt Power, Andrew 47 10 24 34 11 123 98 .102 minutes. Baustad, Colin 54 11 18 29 30 16 126 .087 Sprott, Jim 51 5 17 22 24 221 82 .061 PP Power-play Who's Barrett, Kevin 46 7 13 20 28 203 91 .077 goals. hot Muscutt, Scott 41 5 15 20 9 89 59 .085 GW Game-winning Dunn, Pat 17 3 15 18 5 4 21 .143 goals. Nadeau, Chris 54 2 16 18 13 49 84 .024 Pct. Percentage of Invigorated by Hulett, Dean 8 3 4 7 9 36 11 .273 the additions Gylywoychuk, Dwayne 15 3 3 3 14 0 12 .000 shots which result in St. Pierre, Kevin 46 0 0 29 0 0 .000 a goal. of Pat Dunn and Dean Hrytsak, Rob 0 0 0 .00 5 0 0 0 .000 GA Goals against. Gagnon, Pierre 3 0 0 0 00 0 0 .000 Hulett to his Total 54 246 424 670 1,517 51 35 1,968 .125 EN Empty-net goals. Opponents 54 172 279 451 1,506 38 19 1,779 .097 Save Pct. line, center Toby Goaltenders GP W-L-OTL GAA SO C GA EN S Save Pct. Percentage of shots Burkitt had tallied St. Pierre, Kevin 46 32-13-1 2.91 3 129 2 1,335 .912 which are saved. five goals Gagnon, Pierre 3 1-1-1 3.36 0 10 0 87 .897 and five assists in Total 54 35-16-3 3.19 3 172 2 1,607 .903 his last five WPHL LEAGUE LEADERS games entering last Points Boudreau (SAN) GAP 106 53 Power Play Opp Pct. Plus-Minus +/- night. Burkitt Menard (FTW) 29 73 102 Hilton (ELP) 47 Fort Worth 301 26.2 Harper (NM) New Mexico 243 26.7 was a +9 in Thompson (ELP) 58 40 98 Ricard 41 (NM) Shreveport 204 25.0 those Jackson (SHR) 47 47 94 Central Texas 23.3 contests. Dupont (NM) 24 69 93 Penalty Minutes PIM Austin 223 23.3 Larocque (FTW) 47 44 91 Zurba (CEN) 266 Blouin (SAN) 48 38 86 Fiorini (ODE) 264 Shantz (SHR) 23 63 86 Anderson (AUS) 247 Penalty Killing Opp Pct. DuPaul (FTW) 34 51 85 Shreveport 235 83.8 Harris (SAN) 33 49 82 Goaltenders W-L GAA Amarillo 240 82.5 Naud (NM) 47 32 79 Racicot (MON) 16-12-2 2.68 Austin 218 81.7 Pawluk (AUS) 31 48 79 MacDonald (FTW) 9-2-1 2.84 Fort Worth 286 81.5 Lessard (NM) 43 34 77 Beaubien (NM) 13-3-1 2.89 El Paso 192 79.7 ICE ANSWERS What's a hat trick . . and a natural hat trick? Question from Katy Holifield, Shreveport A hat trick is the term used in hockey when a player scores three goals in a game. A natural hat trick is much more rare. It's a term used when a player scores three goals in a period. Paul Jackson had a natural hat trick Wednesday, scoring three goals in the first period against Central Texas. Holifield Have a question for Ice Answers? Call 459-3296 or e-mail sports@thetimes.com

Sprott, Mike McCormick skated in and beat St. Pierre through the pads to stake the Brahmas to a 3-2 lead 4:59 into the second period. Gatis Tseplis beat St. Pierre to the glove side from the right face -off circle for a two Fort Worth lead entering the second intermission. With the teams skating four-onfour, Burkitt pulled the Mudbugs within a goal with 2:48 to play. That led to Shantz's score, then the shootout dramatics. St. Pierre earned win No. 33, which tied him for the WPHL record set last season by New Mexico's Tony Martino. But Jackson's 25-game point-scoring streak - the second longest in the league this season - was snapped. "He came to the bench I told him, you can win this game for us. Shut the door," Shantz said. "He did

ENTER TIMES TRIVIA Tonight at the Mudbugs. Select your answer to today's Times Trivia question and enter at tonight's Mudbugs game. Entry forms should be taken to the information desk located behind section J. Winners receive Mudbugs merchandise. Only entry forms from The Times are eligible to win! Today's question: The Mudbugs recently acquired a new player from the Fort | Worth Fire in the Central Hockey League. What is his name? Circle your selection. (A) Michael Plaman (B) Jean Laforest (C) Rob Hrytsak (D) Perry Neufeld Your Name Address Times subscriber? Phone YES LINO The Times Now You Know.

THE TIMES **SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1998 5C HOCKEY

The car: a Buick Park Avenue. The license plate: from Manitoba. And the bumper sticker: the Central Texas Stampede? Yep, the Stampede - the team . that came into Hirsch Coliseum Wednesday and tried to bully the Mudbugs, only to have three players ejected and lose 7-0. The auto beAdam longs to Rubin Mudbugs defenseman Dwayne Gylywoychuk, who had some explaining to do. "Actually, it's my mom and dad's car,' Notebook Gylywoychuk said. "We went to the office here yesterday and got a new bumper sticker. It will be taken care of." Gylywoychuk, who was traded from the Stampede earlier this season, wasn't immune from the goonery. He took a stick to the abdomen from Gary Coupal, a recent Central Texas addition who was banned from the United Hockey League for excessive

The Times/ELISA OLDERMAN Shreveport's Andrew Power (left) and Trevor Buchanan (right) go after the puck against Fort Worth center Mike McCormick. Shreveport won 5-4 in a shootout.
