# The Star-Ledger — 1999-12-23 — p.224

**Publication:** The Star-Ledger
**Date:** 1999-12-23
**Page:** 224
**Location:** Newark, New Jersey
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1117608959/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1117608959

## Paragraphs

Minett, Bob McAllister and Doug Dorman) 1:44.02. 400-yard free relay: Kinnelon (Steve Papendick, Jason Minett, 200-yard Bob medley McAlister relay: and Doug Caldwell Dorman) (Thomas 3:44.57, 57. Galleio, Jeff Sweeney, Jon Rowe and Peter Buchner) 1:55.39. Records: Caldwell 0-3. Summit 84, Roxbury 84 50-yard free: Mike McCormick, Roxbury, 26.28. 100-yard free: Mike McCormick, Roxbury, 59.85. 200-yard free: Joe Felix, Roxbury, 2:18.19. 500-yard free: Rich Groel, Roxbury, 6:15.15. 100-yard breast: Steve Tjoa, Roxbury, 1:17.44. 100-yard fly: Steve Tjoa, Roxbury, 1:10.55 100-yard back: J.R. Parker, Summit, 1:09.00. 200-yard IM: Brian Beamer, Summit, 2:36.01. 200-yard tree relay: Summit (Adam Allogramento, Chris Manoni. Ryan Clark and Brandon Shea) 1:51.25. 400-yard free relay: Summit (Adam Allogramento, Brandon Shea, Brian Beamer and J.R. Parker) 4:28.19. 200-yard medley relay: Roxbury (Joe Felix, Steve Tjoa, Mike McCormick and Rich Groel) 2:05.12. Records: Summit 4-0-1, Roxbury 3-0-1.

For sophomore center Scott Eberenz of Seton Hall Prep, the time is now. With the graduation of All-State forward Brandon Doria, Eberenz, a ICE second-line center HOCKEY last winter, was promoted to the top line this campaign. He hasn't disappointed. Eberenz scored twice in the final minute of the game when Seton Hall (4-1) connected three times during a 5-1 victory over Christian Brothers Academy yesterday at the American Hockey Center, Wall Township. After scoring into an empty net with 50 seconds on the clock, Eberenz intercepted a pass in the left circle and snapped home his sixth of the season to the short side just 15 seconds later. The game marked the return of All-State first-line winger Brady
