# The Star-Ledger — 2000-02-03 — p.148

**Publication:** The Star-Ledger
**Date:** 2000-02-03
**Page:** 148
**Location:** Newark, New Jersey
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1117658333/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1117658333

## Paragraphs

NORTH JERSEY River Day at Hackensack at Harrison, 7 Peace at Englewood, at Secaucus, 7 Heights at North OCEAN at Lacey, 6:30 at Toms River East, PASSAIC Valley at Lakeland, 7 Kennedy at Ridgewood, Christian at Hawthorne, at Passaic Tech, at Fair Lawn, 7 Pompton Lakes, 4 Regional at Catholic at Saddle Hackensack, 4 SOMERSET (N.8.) at Franklin, at Ridge, 4 Tech at Purnell. 4 UNION Christian at at Gov. Livingston, Plains at Union, 4 Cranford, 4 WRESTLING TODAY HUNTERDON at North Hunterdon, SOMERSET Central at Watchung at Somerville, 7:30 at Franklin, 7 SUSSEX Hills at Kittatinny, 7 WARREN at Hackettstown, HOCKEY TODAY Mountain Arena, Academy v8. Livingston, Orange ve. Manasquan, County Rink, va. Nottingham, At Ironbound Rink, East Side vs. Mahwah, Chimney Rock, vs. Fair Lawn, At Ocean Ice Palace, Seton Hall Prep, 5

ICE HOCKEY Lawrenceville 3 (tie) SWIMMING Delbarton 71. 52, Roxbury 42 SWIMMING 114, Metuchen 54 130, Holmdel 40 49, Roxbury 45 Kent 87, Place Millbum 4975 SWIMMING Prep 61, Mount Olive 89, Cranford 81 Newark Academy WRESTLING CONFERENCE QUARTERFINAL East 45, Howell 37, Point Pleasant 49, Manalapan 38, Wall 36 FIRST ROUND 59, Pt. Pleasant Lacey 33 Boro 39, Toms 34, Ocean Township Manchester Township REGULAR SEASON ESSEX 54, Teaneck 18 HUNTERDON Central 75, Franklin 37. Bridgewater-Raritan

By Jeff Karn While the crosstown ice hockey battle between rivals Montclair and Montclair Kimberley Academy was missing one important piece of hardware last night, there was no mistaking the emotion and enthusiasm still surrounding the game. In the end, it was Montclair, No. 13 in The StarLedger Top 20, HOCKEY which skated to a 9-2 victory before a capacity crowd of 200 at Clary Anderson Arena in Montclair. Unlike previous seasons, however, Montclair (9-8) didn't parade the traditional silver-plated Montclair Cup around the arena. That's because the game was originally eliminated from the schedule of both teams. "We mutually decided to cancel the game," Montclair coach Bruce Parker said. "It might have been me who initiated it. Either way, MKA coach Ken Smith was in accordance with the idea. We both thought scheduling another game was in the best interest of both programs." The game was cancelled because Montclair has dominated the rivalry for the past 18 years, losing only once to MKA in that span, with many of the games ending with lopsided scores. While it may have been easy to eliminate the game at the time, players from both sides voiced their displeasure of missing out on the opportunity to face their archrival. "It has been a tradition since I

By Mike G. Morreale It isn't often that a team can refer to a regular-season tie as a clutch effort in a difficult spot. * But with 10 days remaining before the cutoff date for the state ice hockey tournaments, Pingry, HOCKEY No. 16 in The Star-Ledger Top 20, can't afford many more setbacks. *The Somerset County school was certainly in survival mode yesterday when it battled perennial state power Christian Brothers Academy to a 3-3 standoff at the American Hockey Center in Wall Township. Pingry (6-8-2) could have as many as four games remaining before the Feb. 12 cutoff, including matches with Roxbury on Saturday, Princeton Day, the 1999 Star-Ledger Trophy recipient, on Monday, and No. 3 Delbarton on Wednesday. If Pingry eliminates Princeton Day (15-3) in the prep B Division semifinal round on Monday, it would advance to the championship game on Feb. 12. If Pingry doesn't obtain the requisite .500 record for an automatic tournament bid, it could also gain admittance into the NJSIAA/New Jersey Devils parochial schools tournament as an at-large participant. In order to be considered for an at-large bid, Pingry must not be more than four games below .500. "We're not counting on an atlarge bid, we're just focusing on playing good hockey down the stretch," said Pingry goalie Andrew Houston, who made 34 saves yesterday. "If the committee sees fit to give us the atlarge bid, we would gratefully accept it and be real excited.' Pingry took a 3-1 lead just 57 sec(* onds into the third period when Dan Armstrong scored his second goal of the game on a power play. But moments later, No. 5 CBA (9-4-3) received goals from Alex Soloway and John Perrotta in a span of 32 seconds to even the score.

MIDDLESEX GIRLS J.P. Stevens 26 48, South Brunswick 39 Pingry 3, Mother Seton 26 BOYS 66, Piscataway 35 Pingry 98, MONMOUTH Livingston North 53, Old Bridge 45 GIRLS Mater Dei 30 South 47, Ocean Township 42 Madison Monmouth Regional Rumson MORRIS Livingston Park 57, Pingry 32 Pingry 121, OCEAN St. Elizabeth North 62, Brick 36 COED PREP Seton Hall 60, Princeton Day 46 Bishop Ahr Blair 38 Ranney 99, SOMERSET Day 38, Purnell 23 Bernard's 35, Schechter 24 SHORE UNION 46, Kinnelon 33 Toms River WARREN Southern 59, Notre Dame (Pa.) 41 Brick Memorial HOCKEY Jackson Day 11, Bishop Eustace 3 Brick Memonal Valley 11, Hamilton Wall 42, 4, Pompton Lakes Pt. Pleasant Windsor-Plainsboro 5. Hun 1 Manalapan Morris Knolls 7 Howell 62, Brothers 3, Pingry 3 (tie) 6, Pope John 2 3, Chatham 0 Montclair 12, Newark Academy 2 River Dell 4 Hunterdon Montclair Kimberley 2 Voorhees

Pingry 98, Delbarton 71 50-yard tree: Scott Reinig, Delbarton, 23.73. 100-yard free: Jon Salcedo, Delbarton, 50.87. 200-yard Matt Goracy, Delbarton, 1:54.66. 500-yard free: Phil Martinelli, Pingry, 5:54.43. 100-yard breast: Marc Falkner, Pingry, 1:08.71. fly: Matt Goracy, Delbarton, 58.42.. 100-yard back: Scott Reinig, Delbarton, 1:04.18. 200-yard IM: Jon Salcedo, Delbarton, 2:06.68. 200-yard free relay: Pingry (Reid Dougherty, Paul Downs, Jason Mortimer and Kevin Koernig) 1:42.98. 400-yard tree relay: Delbarton (Scott Reinig, Jared Walsh, Matt Goracy and Jon Salcedo) 3:39.05. 200-yard medley relay: Delbarton (Scott Reinig. Jared Walsh, Mike Carter and Jon Salcedo) 1:58.12. Records: Pingry 10-3, Delbarton 5-8. Livingston 52, Roxbury 42 50-yard free: Ted Kerman, Livingston, 23.64. 100-yard free: Mike McCormick, Roxbury, 54.90. 200-yard free: Joe Felix, Roxbury, 2:05.6. 500-yard free: Matt King, Livingston, 5:39.44. 100-yard breast: Steve Tjoa, Roxbury, 1:12.6. 100-yard fly: Steve Tjoa, Roxbury, 1:05.3. 100-yard back: Chris Chen, Livingston, 1:03.33. 200-yard IM: Matt King, Livingston, 2:12.54.. 200-yard free relay: Livingston (Matt David, Chris Chen, Ted Kerman, Matt King) 1:38.11. 400-yard free relay: Livingston (Matt King, Jesse Klodin, Chris Chen, Ted Kerman) 3:59.90. 200-yard medley relay: Roxbury (Joe Felix, Steve Tjoa, Mike McCormick, Chris Kohler) 1:58.95. Records: Livingston 12-2-1, Roxbury 8-4-1. GIRLS
