# The Star-Ledger — 2000-02-03 — p.154

**Publication:** The Star-Ledger
**Date:** 2000-02-03
**Page:** 154
**Location:** Newark, New Jersey
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1117658391/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1117658391

## Paragraphs

By Mike G. Morreale Houston was forced to wear skates a half-size bigger than he is acIt isn't often that a team can refer customed to after leaving his behind to a regular-season tie as a clutch ef- at school. It was not a factor as Housfort in a difficult spot. ton, who faces an average of 35.4 But with 10 days for the remaining state be- ice shots per game, was his usual stingy fore the cutoff date self. hockey tourna- "We knew all about Houston ments, Pingry, HOCKEY coming into this game," CBA captain No. 16 in The Brian Bauman Top 20, can't afford said. "He's a big target many Star-Ledger more setbacks. that's quick and doesn't offer many holes." - The Somerset County school was CBA, which plays in the National when it battled perennial state power A Division of the certainly in survival mode yesterday New Jersey InterChristian Brothers Academy to a 3-3 scholastic League, travels to Jersey standoff at the American Hockey City to battle No. 1 Hudson Catholic Center in Wall Township. at Pershing Field Rink tonight at 7:30 Pingry (6-8-2) could have as many p.m. as four games remaining before the Ridgewood 6, Pope John 2: Kyle Feb. 12 cutoff, including matches Sloan scored two goals and had two with Roxbury on Saturday, Princeton assists for Ridgewood (2-10-1) at PoDay, the 1999 Star-Ledger Trophy re- cono Ice Arena in Shawnee, Pa. cipient, on Monday, and No. 3 Delbar- Johnson 5, River Dell 4: Mike ton on Wednesday. If Pingry elimi- Nudo's third goal with 1:38 left in the nates Princeton Day (15-3) in the third snapped a 4-4 tie for Johnson prep B Division semifinal round on (7-11-1) at Warinanco Rink, Roselle. Monday, it would advance to the Dan McKean's second goal 3:22 into championship game on Feb. 12. the third had given River Dell a 4-4 If Pingry doesn't obtain the requi- tie. site .500 record for an automatic tournament bid, it could also gain admit- West Windsor-Plainsboro 5, Hun tance into the NJSIAA/New Jersey 1: Adam Perry scored twice for West Devils parochial schools tournament Windsor-Plainsboro (9-6) at Ice Land, as an at-large participant. In order to Hamilton Township. be considered for an at-large bid, Pin- Montgomery 4, Pennington 1: gry must not be more than four Matt Pentz had two goals and Matt games below .500. Wronka made 16 saves for Montgom"We're not counting on an at- ery (5-9-2) at Ice Land, Hamilton large bid, we're just focusing on play- Township. ing good hockey down the stretch," West Orange 12, Newark Acadsaid Pingry goalie Andrew Houston, emy 2: Dan Simon and Mike Suswho made 34 saves yesterday. "If the sman scored three goals apiece for committee sees fit to give us the at- West Orange at South Mountain large bid, we would gratefully accept Arena, West Orange. Y it and be real excited." Pingry took a 3-1 lead just 57 sec- Smith's Bayonne third 9, goal 9:49 into the sec- Leo Morris Knolls 7: onds into the third period when Dan Armstrong scored his second goal of ond gave No. 11 Bayonne (13-5) a 7-3 *! the game on a power play. But mo- lead•at Bayonne Arena. ments later, No. 5 CBA (9-4-3) re- Morristown-Beard 3, Chatham ceived goals from Alex Soloway and 1: Wade Skinner scored three goals •John Perrotta in a'span of 32 seconds for No. 9 Morristown-Beard (11-4) at to even the score. Mennen Arena, Morris Township.

Pingry 98, Delbarton 71 50-yard free: Scott Reinig, Delbarton, 23.73. 100-yard free: Jon Salcedo, Delbarton, 50.87. 200-yard free: Matt Goracy, Delbarton, 1:54.66. • 500-yard free: Phil Martinelli, Pingry, 5:54.43. 100-yard breast: Marc Falkner, Pingry, 1:08.71. 100-yard fly: Matt Goracy, Delbarton, 58.42. 100-yard back: Scott Reinig, Delbarton, 1:04.18. 200-yard IM: Jon Salcedo, Delbarton, 2:06.68. 200-yard free relay: Pingry (Reid Dougherty, Paul Downs, Jason Mortimer and Kevin Koernig) 1:42.98. 400-yard free relay: Delbarton (Scott Reinig, Jared Walsh, Matt Goracy and Jon Salcedo) 3:39.05. 200-yard medley relay: Delbarton (Scott Reinig, Jared Walsh, Mike Carter and Jon Salcedo) 1:58.12. Recorde: Pingry 10-3, Delbarton 5-8. Livingston 52, Roxbury 42 50-yard free: Ted Kerman, Livingston, 23.64. 100-yard free: Mike McCormick, Roxbury, 54.90. 200-yard free: Joe Felix, Roxbury, 2:05.6. 500-yard free: Matt King, Livingston, 5:39.44. 100-yard breast: Steve Tjoa, Roxbury, 1:12.6. 100-yard fly: Steve Tjoa, Roxbury, 1:05.3. 100-yard back: Chris Chen, Livingston, 1:03.33. 200-yard IM: Matt King, Livingston, 2:12.54. 200-yard free relay: Livingston (Matt David, Chris Chen, Ted Kerman, Matt King) 1:38.11. 400-yard free relay: Livingston (Matt King, Jesse Klodin, Chris Chen, Ted Kerman) 3:59.90. 200-yard medley relay: Roxbury (Joe Felix, Steve Tjoa, Mike McCormick, Chris Kohler) 1:58.95. Records: Livingston 12-2-1, Roxbury 8-4-1. GIRLS

NORTH JERSEY River Day at Hackensack at Harrison, 7 Peace at Englewood, at Secaucus, 7 Heights at North OCEAN at Lacey, 6:30 at Toms River East, PASSAIC Valley at Lakeland, 7 Kennedy at Ridgewood, Christian at Hawthorne, at Passaic Tech, Hills at Fair Lawn, 7 Pompton Lakes, 4 Regional at Catholic at Saddle at Hackensack, 4 SOMERSET (N.B.) at Franklin, at Ridge, 4 Tech at Purnell, 4 UNION Christian at at Gov. Livingston, Plains at Union, 4 at Cranford, 4 WRESTLING TODAY HUNTERDON at North Hunterdon, SOMERSET Central at Watchung at Somerville, 7:30 at Franklin, 7 SUSSEX Hills at Kittatinny, 7 WARREN John at Hackettstown, HOCKEY TODAY Mountain Arena, Academy vs. Livingston, Orange vs. Manasquan, Mercer County Rink, vs Nottingham, At 1ronbound Rink, East Side vs. Mahwah, Chimney Rock, vs. Fair Lawn, 4:30 At Ocean Ice Palace, vs. Seton Hall Prep, 5

MIDDLESEX GIRLS 48, South Brunswick 39 Pingry 3, J.P. Stevens 26 Mother Seton 26 BOYS 66, Piscataway 35 Pingry 98, MONMOUTH Livingston North 53, Old Bridge 45 Mater Dei 30 South 47, Ocean Township 42 Madison Monmouth Regional 34 Rumson MORRIS Livingston Park 57, Pingry 32 Pingry 121, OCEAN St. Elizabeth North 62, Brick 36 I COED PREP Seton Hall 60, Princeton Day 46 Bishop Ahr Blarr 38 Ranney SOMERSET Day 38, Purnell 23 Bernard's 35, Schechter 24 SHORE UNION 46, Kinnelon 33 Toms River WARREN Southern 59, Notre Dame (Pa.) 41 Brick Jackson HOCKEY Day 11, Bishop Eustace 3 Brick Valley 11, Hamilton 1 Wall 42, 4, Pompton Lakes 1 Pt. Pleasant Windsor-Plainsboro 5, Hun 1 Manalapan Morris Knolls 7 Howell Brothers 3, Pingry 3 (tie) 6, Pope John 2 3, Chatham 0 Montclair 12, Newark Academy 2 River Dell 4 Hunterdon Montclair Kimberley 2 Voorhees

By Jeff Kam While the crosstown ice hockey battle between rivals Montclair and Montclair Kimberley Academy was missing one important piece of hardware last night, there was no mistaking the emotion and enthusiasm still surrounding the game. In the end, it was Montclair, No. 13 in The StarLedger Top 20, HOCKEY which skated to a 9-2 victory before a capacity crowd of 200 at Clary Anderson Arena in Montclair. Unlike previous seasons, however, Montclair (9-8) didn't parade the traditional silver-plated Montclair Cup around the arena. That's because the game was originally eliminated from the schedule of both teams. "We mutually decided to cancel the game," Montclair coach Bruce Parker said. "It might have been me who initiated it. Either way, MKA coach Ken Smith was in accordance with the idea. We both thought scheduling another game was in the best interest of both programs." The game was cancelled because Montclair has dominated the rivalry for the past 18 years, losing only once to MKA in that span, with many of the games ending with lopsided scores. While it may have been easy to eliminate the game at the time, players from both sides voiced their displeasure of missing out on the opportunity to face their archrival. "It has been a tradition since I

ICE HOCKEY Lawrenceville 3 (tie) SWIMMING Delbarton 71 52. Roxbury 42 GIRLS SWIMMING 114, Meluchen 54 130. Holmdel 40 49, Roxbury 45 Kent Place 49 87, Millbum 75 SWIMMING Prep 61, Mount Olive 89, Cranford 81 99, Newark Academy WRESTLING CONFERENCE QUARTERFINAL East 45, Howell 26 37, Point Pleasant Memorial 49, Manalapan 38, Wall 36 FIRST ROUND Memorial 59, Pt. Pleasant Lacey 33 Boro 39, Toms 34, Ocean Township 62, Manchester Township REGULAR SEASON ESSEX 54, Teaneck 18 HUNTERDON Central 75, Franklin 37, Bridgewater-Raritan
