# The Daily Tribune — 2000-05-12 — p.5

**Publication:** The Daily Tribune
**Date:** 2000-05-12
**Page:** 5
**Location:** Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/244952088/?match=1&terms=Czenczek
**Image ID:** 244952088

## Paragraphs

Christine Czenczek, Stevens Point; two nieces, Victoria and Jessica Czenczek; and a nephew, Alexander Czenczek. She was preceded in death by her maternal grandfather and paternal grandparents. Visitation will be from 4 to 8 p.m. Friday at Beste Funeral Home, Mosinee, where, at 7 p.m., there will be a prayer service. Visitation will be again from 12 noon Saturday until time of services at the church.

Friends may call at Ritchay Funeral Home, Wisconsin Rapids, from 9:30-10:30 a.m. Saturday. "The family wishes to express a deep appreciation to the staff of Edgewater Haven Nursing Home." Jane M. Czenczek

Jane M. Czenczek, 29, of 2846 County Highway C, Mosinee, sister of James (Amy) Czenczek, Wisconsin Rapids, died Wednesday, May 10, 2000, at her home. Services will be at 1 p.m. Saturday at St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Knowlton. The Rev. Joseph Grassl will officiate. Burial will be in St. Francis Cemetery, Knowlton. Jane was born Feb. 20, 1971, in Stevens Point, the daughter of Stanley and Bernice (Makas) Czenczek. She was a graduate of Northcentral Technical College and was employed at Graebel Van Lines in Wausau. She was an avid bingo player, and collected dolls and bells. She also was a very loving aunt to two nieces and a nephew. Survivors also include her parents, Stanley and Bernice, Mosinee; her maternal grandmother, Josephine Makas, Niles, Ill.; one other brother, Steve (Marcia) Czenczek, Bellbrook, Ohio; a sister,
