# The Freeman — 2003-12-05 — p.17

**Publication:** The Freeman
**Date:** 2003-12-05
**Page:** 17
**Location:** Waukesha, Wisconsin
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1067345206/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1067345206

## Paragraphs

more weird for her than for them because she has to get dressed' alone in a different locker room and is a little bit isolated." Israel. agrees that her teammates have helped her adjust. know that some of my teammates were a little tentative about what I could do," Israel said. "But as the practices have gone on, some of those guys have come. up to me and told me they have confidence in me. "I have never had any prob-' lems." And if problems arise within her team or are brought up by opponents, Israel wants everyone to focus on just one thing. "I just want to play hockey." Israel said. "We are /a team. Whether I'm 1 a girl or not shouldn't matter. Hopefully people can see me as just a goalie.' (Mike Kaebisch can be' reached at (a

and got into the heart of Kettle Moraine's lineup in a hurry. Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association state-meet qualifiers Billy Dragonetti (171), Joe McCormick (189) and Matt Davies (215) as well as two-time conference champion Mike McCormick (160) helped the Lasers storm out to a 39-0 lead. Mike McCormick, Dragonetti and Davies had three of the team's five pins. "I'm real happy the way I wrestled," Mike McCormick said. "I'm pretty confident out there and hopefully I can keep it up because I think we're going to have a strong team." Kettle Moraine opened the dual meet with eight straight victories. "We'll have a roll no matter in what order those guys wrestle," Aprahamian said. "They're top kids no matter what." Davies, a conference champion as a junior, got his pin in just 21 seconds. "I'd like to win it again," Davies said. "I've been working hard." It was sure a different start from last season when Davies began as the team's heavyweight - and won a tournament at West Allis Central at that weight before getting to 215 after Christmas. "I'm real happy he was able to. get to 215 right away," Aprahami-

wanted more. "I was worried about playing time with the Wisconsin AAA team," Israel said. "I had always wanted to play high school hockey and when the opportunity came along I had to take it - but I never, imagined that it would come on the boys hockey team." Brookfield head coach Jason Woods was more than willing to' give Israel that shot. "We both needed each other so it has worked out pretty well," Woods said. "But I didn't expect her to do so well so early. I thought it would have taken her longer to adjust." Woods anticipated an adjustment period off the ice as well, but said the rest of the Brookfield team has done its part to make Israel feel like just another member of the team. 1. "The guys have taken her in and made her feel real comfortable,' Woods said. "It has to be a little

Israel considers Hunt to be her mentor. "He has always been there for me," Israel: said. "This was a big decision and I wanted to make sure that it was a good one." It has been for both Israel and •Brookfield, which had lacked a starting goalie. Three freshmen would have been vying for that position before Israel decided to come out. [* Playing for Brookfield also gave Israel the thing she wanted more than anything else - a chance to /. play. I Israel had been playing for the Wisconsin AAA girls hockey team' and would have been their secondstring goalie this season. Israel

Brookfield plays to hockey tie

Freeman Staff JANESVILLE - The Brookfield co-op high school boys hockey team played to a 4-4 tie with Janesville in a nonconference game Thursday. Senior defenseman Leif • Bergquist, senior forward Brandon Rose, senior forward Mike Schliesman and Erich Roeder each had a goal for Brookfield, 2- 0-1 overall. / Senior defenseman Patrick 1 Dryer had two assists with Rose, Bergquist, junior forward Billy Quinn, and Cory True each' adding one. Senior goalie Sheryl Israel had 26 saves for Brookfield, which scored twice in both the first and third periods. Janesville is 1-1-1. O' -. r •
