# The Freeman — 2004-01-16 — p.13

**Publication:** The Freeman
**Date:** 2004-01-16
**Page:** 13
**Location:** Waukesha, Wisconsin
**Viewer:** https://www.newspapers.com/image/1067337183/?match=1&terms=%22Mike%20McCormick%22%20hockey
**Image ID:** 1067337183

## Paragraphs

played for the Arrowhead girls hockey team before graduating last spring. "Even though, we were losing games, Natalie never got down on us or on the team," Abene said. "Even if we weren't winning we were building a program that other girls would be able to enjoy.". + (Mike Kaebisch can be reached at mkaebisch@conleynet.com)

Profile From Page IB After she mastered skating, everything else was a breeze. Abene finished her junior season with nine goals and eight assists and tied for third on the team in points. "She just has a real knack for scoring," Hunt said. ""The concept is very similar to soccer ... you try and get to the net and then you shoot." Abene credits soccer; a sport all she has been playing since she was 4 years old. to helping her excel in hockey "Out on the ice I have a sense of where to be and where to go to get passes," Abene said. "I knew angles and things like that ' because I also play indoor soccer.". Soccer is still Abene's first love. "Playing soccer is just something I have always done," said Abene, who has been on varsity since her sophomore year. But her hockey skills continue to improve. "Coach Hunt always tells me that' I can't do certain things and that just makes me want to work even harder to prove him wrong." she said. "He always tells us at practice that he has forgotten more about the sport of hockey than we will ever learn." Arrowhead is in its thirds season of varsity girls hockey and Abene is thankful for the oppor*

third period. All the other points were for stalling. No takedown was attempted by either wrestler on the mat - although two tries occurred just off the mat. • "*We lost all the key matches." Kettle Moraine coach Greg Aprahamian said. Wraalstad's one-point loss and two-point losses by Mike McCormick and junior. Brandon Schardt (to sophomore Brad Hucke 4-2 in overtime) provided a swing of 18 points - the nine points the Warhawks scored and the Lasers didn't. • Had Kettle Moraine won those matches the final score would have been 35-30. "I was also hoping for a few pins from guys who didn't get them." Aprahamian said. "But I knew it would be a tough dual meet because we didn't match up real well." Arrowhead scored six of its points in the second-last match when Kettle Moraine senior Tyler Metz suffered a potential season-. ending injury at 140. With eight seconds remaining in the first period. Metz's right elbow was dislocated and Dave Hoy received an injury default. "Hopefully the dislocation is the extent of the injury and there's nct other damage but he's most likely out for the season." Aprahamian said. Arrowhead's three straight pins at the lowest weights clearly steered momentum into Arrowhead's favor. "I was pumped." Dunn said. "We needed that six because now we're still in it for conference. We caught Mukwonago early and our team peaks more at the end but now we still have a chance." Senior Nick Cerwin had a pin at 135 and sophomore Guy Dragonetti had a I0-1 decision at 145 for Kettle Moraine. but it was far too late with the team trailing 38-11 after 11 matches. Mukwonago has the sole league lead with a 5-0 record while Arrowhead and Kettle Moraine each are 4-1 - Arrowhead's loss to Mukwonago was by a point. Kettie Moraine and Mukwonago meet Jan. 30. "I would have preferred meeting Mukwonago at the end of the season but we still have a chance® and we're really rolling right. now," Mesenbrink said. Junior Kyle Hazelwood improved to 19-6 at 130 for Arrowhead while Davies has Kettle Moraine's best record at 23-1 followed Billy Dragonetti. 22-2: Joe McCormick. 22-4. and Mike McCormick 22-5.

- tunity to play. "It's not there for a lot of other. girls around the area." she said. "T hope this program continues to develop.' Abene hopes to become more of a leader on the hockey team. .*Our captain. Kayla Lebeck, is working as hard as she can and I. just want to ease some of that burden." she said.' Abene learned an important lesson from Natalie Perrigo, who -
